As the nation prepares for 2015, my first priority in the new Congress will be to work on a bipartisan, long-term transportation bill that gives certainty to job creators, efficiently collaborates with private and state funding, and eliminates wasteful spending. http://www.tulsaworld.com/homepage4/transportation-not-environment-tops-inhofe-s-priorities-for/article_129d9551-4686-5357-a40a-6ab55d999ab2.html
"And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name JESUS: for he shall save his people from their sins." -- Matthew 1:21 KJV  From my family to yours, we wish you all a wonderful Christmas.
I'll be joining The Pat Campbell Show in studio tomorrow in the 7AM Central hour. You can tune in at KFAQ or live online at: http://www.1170kfaq.com/listen-live
I applaud Congress for ending the year by providing American Airline employees with the opportunity to rebuild their future retirement without penalty from the federal government. American Airlines employs more than 5,800 Oklahomans, many of which will be able to benefit from this new law that I authored with Sen. Sherrod Brown.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sens-inhofe-brown-praise-signing-of-american-airlines-bill-into-law
I love you, Kay. Happy 55th wedding anniversary. Thank you for standing by my side and raising our family of 20 kids and grandkids.
Did you know Oklahoma City now will be represented in the U.S. Senate with its own resident, Rep. James Lankford, for the first time in 46 years?  I look forward to serving alongside Sen.-elect Lankford in the new Congress and working together on issues that are important to all Oklahomans. Please take a moment to read the fun facts about the Oklahoma delegation in Wayne Greene’s column in the Tulsa World: http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/waynegreene/wayne-greene-oklahoma-city-to-have-one-of-us-in/article_abd8b2a7-b0a3-52ed-a47e-5ca94aa70d89.html?_dc=983581525040.7904
I am proud to have voted in favor of the 2014 Tax Extenders package, which includes a host of important provisions for Oklahoma’s job creators. This legislation will help our farmers and small business owners expand their services in Oklahoma by allowing them to write off the first $500,000 in annually purchased business property. Historic Indian lands cover much of Eastern Oklahoma, and the passage of this bill will also allow businesses located on these lands to receive accelerated depreciation for property investments made in 2014. Read more about the 2014 Tax Extenders package here: http://1.usa.gov/1BZPugF
I am delighted that Alan Gross has been released and can return to his loved ones after five years of wrongful imprisonment. Despite this welcome news, the legacy of suppression of human rights and democracy continues in Cuba under the rule of President Raul Castro. This is why I strongly oppose normalizing relations with Cuba and lifting the embargo against its dictator. President Obama’s new course for Cuba follows on the success of his reset with Russia. This will not bring about freedom from persecution to its people; it will not bring about freedom of speech or free elections; and it will not end the 50-plus years of the Castro brothers’ brutal dictatorship. Instead, President Obama’s actions reward the Castro family, as Raul Castro has made no democratic concessions to the United States. This is another bad precedent being set by this president, and I will oppose efforts to lift sanctions on Cuba if it comes to the Senate floor.
The Administration yet again is seeking to close Gitmo and transfer battle-hardened terrorists to U.S. soil. Guantanamo bay remains the safest, most-secure facility to continue housing and trying terrorists and enemy combatants. I’ve put a provision in the defense authorization bill that will prevent the President from closing Gitmo for another year. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1wxFKHk
I strongly oppose the $1.1 trillion spending package passed by the Senate late Saturday evening without the opportunity for amendments to be introduced or time for adequate debate. Our nation is not a dispensable ATM for unbridled, unchecked spending, and our nation can no longer afford for Washington to operate this way. My colleagues and I plan to revisit our spending priorities in a transparent and prudent manner as we work to restore regular order in the new Congress.  Rather than playing Majority Leader Reid's game of staying in Washington for procedural votes that don't require a single Republican, I chose to be home with more than 30,000 Oklahomans in meetings and events. I am returning Sunday, eager to vote for the tax extenders package and other serious legislation that awaits passage in the Senate.
Tonight, my provision to incentivize the production of natural gas vehicles passed the Senate and is headed to the President’s desk. Natural gas is an underutilized clean and abundant domestic energy resource for U.S. transportation in part due to outdated regulations. Oklahomans have been trailblazers in the use of natural gas vehicles, and the red tape that will be cut as a result of the provision will help the rest of the nation to experience the benefits of this affordable and efficient fuel source.  Please read more about the provision here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-levin-natural-gas-vehicle-provision-passes-congress
Today Congress stood in strong bipartisan support for our nation’s over 2.1 million men and women in uniform by passing the National Defense Authorization Act for the 53rd consecutive year. It was a great honor working on this legislation as the Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee with my good friend, Sen. Carl Levin. I look forward to continuing to serve on the committee in the new Congress and fighting to overturn the draconian defense cuts put in motion by the president’s sequestration. Please read more here how this legislation will support our troops and also benefit Oklahoma: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-passage-of-national-defense-authorization-act-for-53rd-consecutive-year
Sen. Tom Coburn's farewell speech this week was one of the most touching and sincere I have heard. Despite our differences, albeit minor, Tom Coburn and I are brothers. We’ll sorely miss him in this body. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwe5jS6Oy_w&list=TLACf8mLeMef8
Today the National Guard celebrates it’s 378th years of being "Always Ready" and "Always There."
Scientists have spoken – California drought “not caused by global warming”:  http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2014/dec/08/california-drought-not-caused-by-global-warming-official-study-finds
The decision to release the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on the CIA Detention and Interrogation program at a time when we are involved in two wars not only puts American lives at risk, but also gives our enemies insight into clandestine programs that have yielded critical intelligence information. The practices that were under review have not taken place since 2009, making the dangerous, untimely release of the investigation purely motivated by party politics.  The report goes far beyond providing transparency into covert operations. It violates the trust that the U.S. has established with our global partners by disclosing allied countries that contributed to the program, severely undermining years of relationship building.  This over $40 million report is nothing more than a partisan attempt to discredit vital intelligence gathering techniques that have saved an untold number of lives.
In addition to providing needed authorizations to protect the United States from emerging threats, the National Defense bill cuts costs and finds efficiencies within the defense budget by reducing wasteful and redundant reporting requirements, and limiting the President costly green energy agenda that is siphoning defense dollars away from our servicemembers.
Tune in now to KFAQ's Pat Campbell Show where we are discussing the #NDAA and as well as the CIA torture report being released today.
The EPA’s newest proposed regulation may become one of the most expensive mandates in the history of the EPA and also extremely difficult to fall within compliance. Read more here: http://bit.ly/1ywfHNz
The National Defense bill is critical for maintaining congressional oversight of the Obama Administration’s reckless disregard for the security of our nation and our allies. This year’s bill successfully prevents President Obama’s proposed cuts to military benefits, to include protecting commissary prices  and blocking the President’s requested higher fees for TRICARE enrollment. The legislation also prevents costly Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) as well as the President’s proposal to reduce a critical surveillance aircraft fleet, the AWAC, by 25%. I hope you will take a moment to read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-announces-ndaa-provisions-supporting-oklahoma
Today is the 73rd anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Let us never forget the day that lives in infamy.
It’s Bedlam time and my staff is ready for kickoff! Which team will you be cheering for?
Did you know that today, you can now get gas for under $2 in Oklahoma City? The last time that gas prices were this low was on July 30, 2010. Read more here:   http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-12-03/first-u-s-gas-station-drops-below-2-a-gallon.html
I welcome the nomination of Dr. Ash Carter to be the next Secretary of Defense.  I have worked with Dr. Carter over the years and consider him qualified for the position and look forward to his confirmation hearing.  The unanswered question is how much influence Dr. Carter will have on one of the most dangerously insular White House’s in recent history.  Our military and national security face a daunting set of challenges ranging from the devastating impact of defense sequestration to a lack of an effective strategy to combat ISIL, a resurgent Russia, and increased tensions in the Asia Pacific.  Now more than ever the President needs the candid and independent counsel of his senior civilian and military officials to reverse the failures of the last six years, most importantly ending sequestration budget cuts to the Department of Defense. http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/12/05/uk-usa-defense-carter-idUKKCN0JJ1NK20141205
#TBT to the 1974 Oklahoma governor’s race between David Boren and myself. Hard to believe it was 40 years ago. Thank you to Chris Casteel and The Oklahoman for digging through history for the details of this great story, and the even better photos to go along with it. http://newsok.com/david-boren-jim-inhofe-still-shaping-oklahomas-future/article/5371411
The National Defense bill not only supports our men and women in uniform by ensuring they have the protection and equipment needed to safely carry out the missions asked of them, but it also ensures that our Armed Services have the capabilities to meet, defeat and deter hostile action against the United States. This year's NDAA supports the modernization and maintenance of critical equipment platforms, to include airframes, weapons systems, ships, submarines and missile defense systems that are in use around the world.
There has been much concern – rightfully – and unfortunate misinformation about military members' benefits as it relates to the National Defense Authorize Act introduced last night. As an author of this legislation, I want you to know my colleagues and I were able to successfully prevent the President’s proposed cuts to military benefits, to include protecting commissary benefits and blocking the President’s requested higher fees for TRICARE enrollment.   Due to historically steep defense budget cuts provoked by the President’s sequestration, we granted the request of the Joint Chiefs to slow the growth of inflation to the Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) by 1 percent for fiscal year 2015. This only affects those who make a permanent change of station move in 2015 and live off base at their new location. I have been assured by DOD that this reduction will still allow servicemembers to find off-base housing across the nation within their allotted BAH. Vance and Altus Air Force Bases are exempted from the BAH change because DOD has classified them as remote locations. The legislation also authorizes TRICARE co-pays to increase roughly $3 for prescriptions not purchased on base. The money saved from these measures equals $266 million and will go to support necessary training and resources to enable our servicemembers to carry out their missions effectively and return home safely to their loved ones. These were difficult decisions for me and my colleagues, but until sequestration is addressed, small adjustments needed to be made in the budget to avoid drastic reductions in military readiness that could risk the lives of our service members.   This legislation also includes many critical provisions for the state of Oklahoma, which I have listed in a press release tonight that I hope you will take a moment to read: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-announces-ndaa-provisions-supporting-oklahoma
This year’s strong, bipartisan national defense bill gives our military men, women, and their families the support that they need to defend this country and to protect the homeland.In addition to providing critical authorizations to support the mission against ISIL and deter Russian aggression, the bill will support military installations and communities across the country by preventing a round of Base Realignment and Closures for the next year, prohibits the retirement of any Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft, and provides necessary Impact Aid funding to support schools who educate military dependent children.   Read more about NDAA and the benefits it will have for our state of Oklahoma here: http://bit.ly/12nEbzm
Tune in to the SASC Nominations hearing at 9:30am (EST). Watch it here: http://www.armed-services.senate.gov/hearings/14-12-02-nominations
Today’s Tribal Highlight, in honor of National American Indian Heritage Month, is the Seminole Tribe. Here are five fast facts about the Seminoles:    1. Wewoka, Oklahoma is the Seminole Nation Capitol chosen for settlement in 1849 due to its fertile land between the North and South Canadian Rivers. The word Wewoka comes from the Seminole term for “Barking Water”.   2. WWII American Seminole Code Talker Edmond Harjo was born in Maud, Oklahoma.   3. The largest group of the “Seminole Freedmen” lives in Seminole County, Oklahoma. This group continues the traditional culture of both African American culture and American Indian culture.   4. The tribal name “Seminole” comes from the Spanish term “cimarrones” used to describe the Floridian tribe. That name was translated by the Creek tribe as “semvlonÄ” which later turned into “Semvnole”.    5. The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized tribal nation with a government anchored by a Band system, which is comprised of 12 traditional bands and two freedman bands.
Have a blessed and #HappyThanksgiving from my staff and me.  http://youtu.be/EhVR6XAtPMc
Today’s Tribal Highlight is the Muscogee Creek Tribe. Here are five fast facts about the Muscogee Creek Tribe:   1.The Creek Nation has more than 75,900 enrolled citizens and encompasses 11 counties in Oklahoma.    2.The Muscogee people are commonly known as “Creeks”  because they traditionally built their trading post alongside rivers.   3. Early Muscogee ancestors would create earthen pyramids alongside rivers to serve as ceremonial complexes.   4. Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient Dr. Suzan Harjo was born in El Reno, Oklahoma. She is part Cheyenne and part Muscogee and is a member of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes.   5. Lt. Col. Ernest Childers, was the first Native American to receive the WWII Medal of Honor.
Adoption holds a special place in my heart.    I currently serve as the Co-Chair of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption and have authored proposals to encourage domestic and international adoptions for American families. I have personally experienced the blessings that come with adoption through my granddaughter Marie, who was born in Ethiopia. For this month, and every month, let us remember the nearly 255,000 children that entered our nation’s foster care system each year or the millions more who live in orphanages overseas. And let us work together as a nation to help these children find permanent, loving homes and families.
Today's tribal highlight in honor of National American Indian Heritage Month is the ᏣᎳᎩᎦᏬᏂᎯᏍᏗ (Cherokee) tribe. Here are five things to know about the Cherokees.   1. Sequoyah, the inventor of the Cherokee Syllabary settled in Sallisaw, Oklahoma. In the syllabary each of the 85 syllables represent a syllable that make up words in the Cherokee language instead of the alphabetic consonant or vowel. Sequoyah County, Oklahoma is named after him. One of the two statues used to represent the state of Oklahoma is of Sequoyah and it was given to the National Statuary Hall Collection in 1917. His statue was the first statue honoring a Native American to be chosen for the National Statuary Hall Collection.   2. Pioneer of political thought, humorist, and enthusiastic spokesman for the aviation industry Will Rogers was born in Indian Territory near the town which is now Claremore, Oklahoma. His statue was given to National Statuary Hall by the State of Oklahoma in 1939. Read this TIME article to “See Will Rogers Original Application for Enrollment in the Cherokee Nation”: http://time.com/3551486/will-rogers-cherokee-dawes-rolls/  3. Congressman Markwayne Mullin is an enrolled member of the Cherokee nation.   4. Wilma Mankiller,  of Tahlequah, Oklahoma is the first female Principal Chief of the Cherokees and recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1998.  5. Today the Cherokee Phoenix, which is published in Oklahoma, is the largest tribally funded Native American newspaper in the country.
The Environmental Protection Agency's irresponsible decision to hold off on an announcement for RFS requirements until next year is simply kicking the can down the road.  The EPA should have finalized the 2014 Renewable Volume Obligations in November of 2013, and now U.S. refiners and other affected entities will pay the price with a government mandate that has become retroactive.  This only feeds the environment of uncertainty our economy has suffered with over the past six years, and is not how we should do business in America.  Today’s announcement serves as another reminder that the Renewable Fuel Standard is broken and must be addressed in a new Congress. http://online.wsj.com/articles/epa-punts-on-annual-ethanol-rule-1416592785
#TBT to my 60th birthday twenty years ago Tuesday, I was sworn into the U.S. Senate to represent the great state of Oklahoma with my beautiful wife Kay by my side. I have the same sense of passion for our nation as I did on that fateful day twenty years ago and I look forward to continuing to fight for Oklahoma values for another term. Thank you, Oklahoma.    http://www.c-span.org/video/?61651-1/senator-inhofe-swearingin-ceremony
Executive #amnesty is not the answer. It’s being reported that if President Obama goes around Congress and uses executive action to enact his #immigration reform, roughly 5  million illegal immigrants would get amnesty, receive work authorization, social security numbers, and government issued IDs. This is not going to make our borders more secure, but instead only entice others to avert our nation’s immigration laws. Share if you agree.  Read more here: http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2014/11/13/cannot-afford-amnesty-for-illegal-immigrants/
Despite the US Senate failing to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, I am proud to have voted in favor of the legislation and to have stood once again in defense of thousands of well-paying American jobs and a more robust energy sector. The Keystone pipeline was in need of approval years ago, and I fully expect that the Keystone legislation will see the light of day in a new Congress.  The US energy sector has provided over 9.2 million jobs to Americans, and I will continue to work alongside my colleagues who championed a thriving US economy today.  The Senators who voted against the Keystone XL Pipeline had an opportunity to stand for job creation, energy independence, and national security, but failed to lead the way.
Staff Update: Today is Senator Jim Inhofe’s 80th birthday. Senator Inhofe will be arriving in Washington this afternoon in preparation for votes in the Senate. Please join us in wishing him a Happy Birthday and leaving a message for him below!
This week’s highlighted Five Civilized Tribe is the Chickasaw Nation. Here are five fast facts about this tribe:  -The Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma is the 13th largest federally recognized tribe in the United States.  -Oklahoma’s own Congressman Tom Cole is a Chickasaw Nation citizen.  -T.W. Shannon, the youngest and first African American Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives, is an enrolled member of the Chickasaw Nation.  -Tishmoingo, Oklahoma is named after Chief Tishomoingo, who lived from 1734 to 1838. He received the Silver Medal from President George Washington. He was known for his exemplary leadership and high moral standards.  -John Herrington from Wetumka, Oklahoma is a citizen of the Chickasaw nation. He took his Chickasaw nation pride all the way to space on an eleven-day mission on November 23,2002, where he proudly displayed the Chickasaw nation flag.
President Obama’s pledge to give unelected bureaucrats at the U.N. $3 billion for climate change initiatives is an unfortunate and unrealistic decision. His climate change spending priorities, estimated to be $120 billion since the beginning of his Administration, were on the ballot, and Americans spoke. In a new Congress, I will be working with my colleagues to reset the misguided priorities of Washington and focus on getting our nation’s debt under control, securing proper equipment and training to protect our men and women in uniform, and repairing our nation’s crumbling roads and bridges. These are the realistic priorities of today.    Read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-3-billion-climate-change-pledge
#TBT to January 1999 and one of my appearances with Tim Russert on Meet the Press. Tim was a friend and will forever be remembered for his dedication to journalism and for bringing the latest news in Washington to our homes on Sunday morning.
EPA Region 6 Administrator Ron Curry published an op-ed in the Oklahoman recently praising the proposed Waters of the United States (WOTUS) rule. The Oklahoman gave me a chance to respond and explain my concern that the EPA is expanding its authority well beyond what the original law was intended to regulate. This has the potential to impact our farmers, land developers, and even your backyard. I hope you will take a moment to read more here:   http://newsok.com/sen.-jim-inhofe-epa-should-withdraw-proposed-water-rule/article/5365826
I couldn't agree more with what the Wall Street Journal had to say here about the President’s climate deal with China: "Meaningless global warming promises are much easier than corralling weapons of mass destruction in North Korea, or convincing Beijing to fight Islamic State, or for that matter stopping Chinese cyber-attacks on U.S. military and corporate targets. Mr. Xi must have been delighted to see a U.S. President agree to make America less economically competitive in return for rhetorical bows to doing something someday about climate change.”   http://online.wsj.com/articles/green-leap-forward-1415838404?mod=wsj_review_&_outlook
I appreciate USA TODAY for giving me the opportunity to write the opposing view to the paper’s support of the President’s climate deal with China. The reason I call this a non-binding charade is because as China’s economy grows, so will its demand for electricity. With China accounting for 50 percent of global coal consumption; with China bringing a new coal-fired power plant online every 10 days; and with China having no other inexpensive energy resources like natural gas, how can it keep any of its promises that were made to our President?   While China continues to lure manufacturing and agriculture jobs away from our shores with promises of cheap labor and abundant electricity, the overbearing climate regulations coming out of the EPA will only move the needle on global warming by 0.018 degrees Celsius by 2100. All pain; no gain. Read more here: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/11/12/greenhouse-gas-emissions-sen-james-inhofe-editorials-debates/18940687/
Oklahoma native, Dr. Suzan Harjo is among the nineteen individuals that will receive the esteemed Presidential Medal of Freedom award later this month. This honor not only acknowledges Dr. Harjo, but also the vast American Indian population that live in Oklahoma, and around our nation, that she continues to care for and champion.   Read more here: http://1.usa.gov/11iksBm
In the President’s new climate deal announced last night, the United State will be required to more steeply reduce our carbon emissions while China won’t have to reduce anything. It’s a non-binding charade, and here is my reason why: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-us-china-climate-deal-a-non-binding-charade
We as a nation are working to renew our promise to our nation’s veterans, and to redefine what it means to honor and care for our heroes. We made a good first step when Congress passed a bipartisan bill in July to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs. We must get this right, and I will not rest until the men and women who have served have the resources they need to make a full recovery and to prosper in their personal and professional lives. Thank you for your service. God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America.
On this date 239 years ago the Continental Congress approved a resolution that established the U.S. Marine Corps, a force that could fight for American Independence both at sea and on shore. Since its inception, the United States Marine Corps has tirelessly carried out the missions asked of it, from its first assault on the British Fort Nassau to the mission it continues to carry out against terrorism in the Middle East. Happy Birthday, Marines. Semper Fi.
Today the Supreme Court announced that it will hear the case of King v. Burwell- a challenge to the distribution of tax subsidies included in ObamaCare. The President’s signature healthcare law is bad policy that was forced through a Democrat-controlled Congress and has since continued to be challenged by the judicial branch. As new members join Congress and the fight to truly make healthcare affordable for all Americans, President Obama must work with a Republican congress to take on the many problems the healthcare industry faces.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/11/07/politics/supreme-court-to-review-another-obamacare-legal-challenge/
#TBT to March 1996 and a meeting in my Washington, D.C. office with leaders from the Five Civilized Tribes. Let us honor #NationalAmericanIndianHeritageMonth and the men and women who maintain the honor and integrity of what it means to be an American Indian.
As a part of National American Indian Heritage Month, I'd like to highlight today five facts about the Choctaw Tribe in Oklahoma:  -The Code Talkers were American Indians that used their native languages as military code. During World War I (WWI), the Choctaw language was used as code, and according to tribal documents there were 19 Choctaw Code Talkers during WWI, all born in the Choctaw nation which is now southeastern Oklahoma.  -One of the 19 Code Talkers was Joseph Oklahombi, who is known as “Oklahoma’s Greatest Hero” of the first World War. Oklahombi is also Oklahoma’s most decorated hero. Oklahombi was in the Thirty-sixth Infantry Division's Company D, First Battalion, 141st Regiment, Seventy-first Brigade during World War I who was not only a translator, but also helped defend St. Etienne territory.  -The word "Oklahoma" is derived from the Choctaw language.  -The color blue prominent in our state flag is associated with the color blue in the Choctaw flag during the Civil War.  -Pushmataha county is named for Choctaw warrior-diplomat Chief Pushamataha who is buried in the Congressional Cemetery in DC.  #NationalAmericanIndianMonth
Did you know that Oklahoma has one of the largest Native American populations? Oklahoma serves as the tribal headquarters for 39 of the 67 tribes represented among the 250,000 American Indians living in our state. Oklahoma is also home to the five civilized tribes: Creek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, Cherokee, and Seminole. #NationalAmericanIndianHeritage Month  Read more OK facts here: http://www.50states.com/facts/okla.htm#.VFPjFPnF8e5
From the Inhofe staff, have a safe and sweet evening of trick-or-treating.
What’s scarier than Halloween?   EPA overreach. The EPA is overreaching their authority by imposing $15 billion in new regulations on the refining industry.  These regulations will bring no meaningful improvement to the environment and are not addressing any actual risks that EPA has identified.  In fact, the only thing these regulations will do is push gasoline prices back toward $4 per gallon. When it comes to Halloween, no zombie can compete with EPA overreach.
Today, Oklahoma health officials established an Ebola policy. This is a great move for the protection of Oklahomans. Where do you stand on quarantine policies for people that have had exposure to Ebola? Comment below.  Read more about the quarantine policy here: http://www.swoknews.com/area/oklahoma-establishes-ebola-policy
ICYMI: I spoke with Chris Casteel of The Oklahoman about my trip to the Syrian-Jordanian border and told him that U.S. air strikes against Islamic State targets have been helpful but have also proved that air strikes alone won’t get the job done.   Read more here http://newsok.com/oklahoma-u.s.-sen.-jim-inhofe-says-fight-against-islamic-state-is-on-the-right-track/article/5361611
Enough is enough. The EPA has once again proposed new regulations for oil refineries that fails to comply with the law, specifically Section 321(a) of the Clean Air Act.  I wrote a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy urging her to withdraw the regulations, pointing out how these two new proposed mandates do not even provide meaningful benefits to human health or the environment but instead just adds more red tape to domestic energy production. Read more here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-urges-epa-to-abandon-new-refinery-requirements
Staff Update: Senator Inhofe called into The Pat Campbell Show this morning from the Jordan-Syrian border to talk about his visit with the troops in the region as well as his visit to Ukraine yesterday to meet with President Portoshenko about recent Russian aggression. Tune in to the podcast here: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/280760882.html
Our men and women overseas are dedicating their lives each day to protecting the homeland and American interest abroad. Yesterday I had the opportunity to speak with some of our soldiers who are serving in Lithuania. Continued aggression and hostilities in Eastern Europe at the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin has brought instability to the region, and the U.S. must continue to provide support to our NATO allies as they stand up to Putin.
In the United States, we have a constitutional right to religious freedom that continues to make our nation a beacon of liberty for the rest of the world.  International Religious Freedom Day serves to remind us today that millions around the world are still fighting for their right to practice their faith peacefully in public. Persecution of religious minorities continue to unfold throughout the world, and in response I continue my fight to establish, expand and protect the freedom of religion for all. This year, I reintroduce my resolution with Congressman Jim Bridenstine that urges the United States to assist in the protection of religious minority rights and freedoms in the Arab world. You can read more about the legislation here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-bridenstine-introduce-resolution-to-protect-religious-minorities-in-arab-nations
Today I joined President Grybauskaite of Lithuania, and the Prime Ministers of Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania to mark the opening of Lithuania’s first liquefied natural gas (LNG) import facility. President Obama must continue to expedite LNG export permit applications to support our friends and allies. Global demand for LNG is expanding, and the more LNG the United States makes available, the more quickly we will be able to turn the tables on President Putin and ensure the energy security of our friends and allies around the world.
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Republicans released an important report today dispelling the falsehoods perpetuated by the Obama Administration and environmental extremists on a method commonly used to develop our nation’s energy resources. As I have long said, hydraulic fracturing is a time-tested, safe technology that is absolutely essential to the energy independence of the United States. As recent reports have shown, states like Oklahoma have led for more than 60 years in ensuring this method is well-monitored and regulated. Unfortunately, despite the President touting his support of natural gas, the Administration’s disdain for the method to extract this clean, cheap energy resource shows little interest in actually sporting the growth of this industry. This timely committee report sets the record straight and serves to remind us that the development of domestic energy resources provides enormous potential for our nation’s economic growth and energy security.   Read more about the report here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=beed1c2e-1210-48f1-8367-f967fab49c38
#TBT to March 1, 2000: I had the opportunity to visit with 52 students from Carver Middle School in Tulsa, Okla. after a tour by my staff of the U.S. Capitol. I always enjoy seeing Oklahomans, whether families or school groups, during their visits to D.C. For more information about signing up for a tour of the Capitol and to visit my office during your trip to Washington, please visit my website. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/visiting
Standard & Poor’s new report predicts that Oklahoma will be one of four states to lead the nation in economic growth next year. No surprise here. Oklahoma is a friend to economic opportunity by encouraging the development of our state’s energy resources, by pursuing and building a strong infrastructure system, by embracing and caring for our military communities, and by ridding the state of outdated and unnecessary mandates in order to spur job creation. It’s why I’m proud to call Oklahoma home.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2014/10/21/the-regions-with-the-best-economic-prospects-for-2015-according-to-sp/
The EPA’s Inspector General Arthur Elkins Jr. failed to address my basic question of why his office is conducting a “review" into the effectiveness of states’ hydraulic fracturing regulations. His own agency is simultaneously conducting a similar study, and the Groundwater Protection Council recently released a comprehensive report on the matter. Mr. Elkins’ office is not allowed to conduct regulatory investigations, but that is exactly what it appears that he is doing. When I brought this to his attention, Mr. Elkins response to me was that he doesn’t feel the need to justify his work to Congress. This arrogance is symptomatic in the Obama Administration, and I will continue to monitor and put pressure on the EPA to stop overstepping its boundaries, especially when it comes to states' rights:  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye/wp/2014/10/21/is-epas-inspector-general-overstepping-with-review-of-fracking-regs/
ICYMI: I wrote an op-ed with Senator Carl Levin in the Washington Post on why President Obama needs to stop ignoring Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko’s specific request for U.S. military aid to combat Russian aggression. As we argued in the op-ed, Ukrainian forces have demonstrated the will to defend their nation against superior rebel and Russian forces; what they lack is not will but means.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/carl-levin-james-inhofe-give-ukraine-the-weapons-it-needs-to-defend-itself/2014/10/16/06da647a-4fe2-11e4-babe-e91da079cb8a_story.html
This past Saturday would have been James Foley’s 41st birthday, but instead of celebrating another year, his family came together to remember his life. James was the first American gruesomely killed by ISIS, and our nation is fighting for justice to ensure such acts do not continue. Please take a moment today to remember the Foley family in your thoughts and prayers.
Oklahoman: "Mulligan estimates about 3.6 percentage points more of the workforce will reduce their work hours to between 26 and 29 hours per week than what would occur if #Obamacare wasn’t the law.” #Repeal #Replace   http://newsok.com/health-care-law-winds-up-discouraging-work-upward-mobility/article/5356773
I appreciate DOT Sec. Anthony Foxx for taking a moment with me yesterday to talk to Oklahoma press about ways to mitigate an Ebola outbreak in the United States by putting stricter measures in place for commercial airline travel.    Read more here: http://www.news9.com/story/26808178/inhofe-transportation-secretary-talk-about-ebola-protocols-in-us
I stand with Senator John Thune and Congressman Bill Shuster and call for a temporary travel ban from affected West African nations, including Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea.  This will enhance the safety of and confidence in our travel system, which is vital to the health of our economy. Until we get this situation under control in the United States, we cannot continue to risk the safety of fellow travelers and our healthcare professionals.   Read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-for-travel-ban-in-response-to-ebola-outbreak
#TBT to Kuwait, 1991: For more than 20 years I have been monitoring and providing policy oversight for how the different White House Administrations are handling American interests in the Middle East as it pertains to our national security. What our friends and allies in the region need most is U.S. resolve and consistent strong leadership to bring about long-term stability for our allies in the region and security throughout the world.
As units from Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma are being deployed to fight ISIS, my prayers are with these men and women who are answering the call to protect American interests and our national security. It was an honor to visit them recently and share my deep appreciation for their unwavering commitment to our country. Let us in Oklahoma remember to surround and support the Tinker families who anxiously await a safe return of their servicemembers. #SupportOurTroops  http://www.koco.com/news/tinker-units-deploy-to-fight-isis/29146702
A safe, strong U.S. transportation system is the backbone of a robust economy. It is Congress’ Constitutional responsibility to maintain and modernize our nation’s roads, bridges and highways and as a senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I am tasked with carrying out this responsibility in the most efficient, effective way possibly. It is critical that stakeholders from the local to national level work together to ensure our transportation infrastructure can support our global economy.  This morning I welcomed U.S. Department of Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx to a roundtable event in Tulsa, Okla. to discuss the recent highway enhancement projects in the area and the future of transportation on the local, state and national levels. Tulsa Mayor Dewey Bartlett, Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation Gary Ridley, and Oklahoma Department of Transportation Executive Director Mike Patterson participated in the event.
The White House’s announcement that it intends to defy Congress and continue its goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay serves as a reminder that this Administration is one based on impulses and not comprehensive strategy. When our nation has gone to war with ISIL, why would the President decide to then send a message like this to the enemy that communicates our country has no intention of treating their threats seriously? The American public and their Members of Congress have consistently opposed transferring terrorist detainees to U.S. soil and any move to do so now through executive action will be met with strong resistance in the Senate.   http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2788205/obama-plans-defy-congress-order-shut-guantanamo-bay-military-prison-republican-lawmaker-vows-tries-shut-senate.html
ICYMI: The New York Times covered the Pentagon’s increase emphasis on climate change and my disdain for the distraction. It is disappointing, but not surprising, that the president and his administration would focus on climate change when there are other legitimate threats in the world.   Read more here: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/14/us/pentagon-says-global-warming-presents-immediate-security-threat.html?_r=0&gwh=97F285E002F81FED133AB4221BA27AB7&gwt=pay&assetType=nyt_now
¡Es el Mes de la Herencia Hispana! Este mes es un tiempo para celebrar la comunidad hispana en los Estados Unidos. Tomemos tiempo para celebrar las contribuciones de la comunidad hispana estadounidense a nuestra nación.
What our armed forces need most during this time of unprecedented challenges is the assurance that they will be provided the tools they need to accomplish their mission and return home safely. The first step is eliminating defense sequestration with no strings attached by the President. We need an efficient budget that matches the demands being placed on our military. POLITICO Magazine today included my op-ed discussing the state of our defense budget as well as thoughts from several other defense industry leaders, which can be read here:  http://politi.co/ZClGWE
As a few thousand of our troops will be sent to West Africa to aid in the Ebola outbreak, I am deeply committed to conducting rigorous oversight of this mission to ensure our men and women are provided the protection they deserve, and I will hold the Administration accountable. I have already been doing this the past couple weeks with enforcing transparency in how the Administration wants the U.S. involved in aiding the crisis, and I hope you'll read more about it here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-approves-reprogramming-request-for-ebola-response-effort
Yesterday President Obama made a rare visit to the Pentagon and he called for Congress to address the  “draconian” defense budget cuts caused by sequestration. The President’s comments were phony when viewed through the lens of his historically steep cuts to our national security. What the President failed to say is that he was the principal architect of these $500 billion in “draconian” cuts that have dismantled our military and devastated readiness.  Furthermore, prior to these cuts, the President had already slashed $487 billion from our national defense, while increasing non-defense spending by 30 percent. The President needs to finally come to Congress with an honest proposal to adequately fund our military so they can defend the nation and return home safely to their loved ones.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-visit-to-pentagon-sequestration
Last night KJRH and the American Legion Post 1 held an open forum to discuss the latest VA reform bill Congress passed in July and how it is already helping to improve the medical care veterans are receiving in Oklahoma. At the event, my staff also spoke about how we work with Oklahoma veterans to navigate federal red tape and ensure they receive their earned and due benefits. This year alone, my office has opened and is actively working on 800 cases of local veterans needing assistance with the VA. If you are a veteran in Oklahoma needing help with your benefits, health care, military records, or obtaining due military medals, please contact my Tulsa office at (918) 748-5111.  http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/muskogee-va-has-cut-down-delays-improved-access-to-care
#TBT to October 2013: My staff joined together to raise awareness and support breast cancer research by participating in the American Cancer Society's Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk. They participated in honor of a staff member’s wife who is a breast cancer survivor, and as of today, has been in remission for over a year. In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month, please do your part to raise awareness and support efforts to cure breast cancer.
Today the Daily Oklahoman editorial board had a piece on how the Obama Administration's policies are harming rural areas across the country. I appreciate Sen. Jerry Moran for joining Sen. Tom Coburn and I at the State Chamber of Oklahoma's forum to discuss these concerns as well as how we can reverse course on the federal overregulation that is harming economic opportunity for Oklahomans. http://newsok.com/article/5349508?slideout=1
I met with the Guthrie News Leader while I was in town today and discussed current events. If you are in the area, be sure to pick up a copy of the paper tomorrow.
Thank you National Association of Manufacturers for the Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. I am proud to fight for Oklahoma’s businesses and our manufacturing industry, and I will continue to work to provide clarity for our nation’s job creators as they seek out regulatory certainty in a maze of red tape.
The Heritage Foundation has an excellent piece on how President Obama’s recent address to the U.N. General Assembly is a reminder why the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty is a bad deal for America. I have worked to ensure this treaty can’t be ratified in the Senate. As Dr. Ted Bromund highlights, the voice of the American people and the will of Congress shouldn’t be bound to unelected international bureaucrats: http://www.heritage.org/research/commentary/2014/9/why-arms-trade-treaty-is-so-dangerous
While our state may be associated most with the promising energy boom, Oklahoma is benefitting enormously from the growing aerospace industry. Just this week Boeing announced plans to add another 900 jobs to the more than 120,000 aerospace jobs employing Oklahomans across the state. The Oklahoman has a must-read today on the aerospace industry taking flight in Oklahoma:  http://bit.ly/1sP6Rh0
#TBT to visiting young children at an orphanage in Africa in 2005. The continent has always held a special place in my heart. After many visits, it is difficult to leave without wanting to help equip its people with the resources to reduce poverty,  develop a robust economy and democratic governance, and end terrorism and child trafficking. As always, but especially in recent weeks, my heart is with Africa and the people in the west part of the continent who are battling a dangerous outbreak of Ebola.
I sent a survey this week to subscribers of my e-newsletter to hear how Oklahomans perceive the threat of ISIS and feel about America’s involvement in defeating this terrorist army. Of the more than 1,000 that participated, 82% said that they would support American boots on the ground if our military advisors said it was necessary to defeat ISIS. When asked if the President has presented Americans with a honest and effective strategy for U.S. involvement in defeating ISIS, 91% said no. Do you agree?
Today marks the disastrous rollout of Healthcare.gov. ObamaCare has not just been a broken website but a host of #brokenpromises. Luckily, Oklahoma is leading the country in defeating ObamaCare and exposing how this big-government bureaucratic program is making healthcare more expensive.
The Ebola crisis plaguing west Africa is dire and only getting worse. The President has called on our military to use their expertise of safely and quickly mobilizing resources, but before the President puts our men and women in uniform on the front lines of another crisis, I have serious questions for the President. This is why my colleagues and I have asked the Obama Administration to address two major, yet basic, concerns before we will approve their full request to use military resources to combat Ebola.   First, the Administration needs to lay out a plan to best help prevent our military members from infection of Ebola; and second, the Administration needs to also lay out a plan for this likely long-term mission to be transferred back to appropriate government agencies and NGOs. I appreciate the Tulsa World’s editorial today as we wait for answers from the Administration: http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/editorials/tulsa-world-editorial-ebola-response-slowed-by-obama-administration-s/article_d9b3e2c8-bbbd-575d-95b1-3e09ff81d2f9.html#user-comment-area 
It's always good to see my friend David Boren. I appreciate his time today to discuss issues of importance to The University of Oklahoma as well as its surrounding community.
Today, in a huge blow to the president, a federal judge ruled in favor of Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt’s challenge to ObamaCare subsidies. The Obama Administration has tried to make the law work with waivers and exemptions, but the courts continue to confront the legality of this legislation that was rushed through a Democrat-controlled Congress. While it will undoubtedly take time for Oklahoma’s case to play out in the federal court system, I am confident in Attorney General Scott Pruitt and that our state’s argument will prevail. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-oklahomas-challenge-to-obamacare-subsidies
As National Preparedness Month comes to a close, I wanted to make you aware of resources on my website to help you be prepared for severe weather in Oklahoma: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
This morning I joined KFAQ’s The Pat Campbell Show to discuss the latest headlines, including the President’s airstrikes in Syria, the beheading in Moore, and the recent U.N. Climate Summit: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/277430121.html
As part of the Kids Wish Network, Eduin from Oklahoma City had the opportunity to visit Washington, DC this week. My staff joined Eduin in celebrating his birthday and this important trip. He got to kick his feet up at my desk where he enjoyed a delicious cupcake, and my staff also gave him and his family  a tour of the Capitol and the Speaker’s balcony. Happy 12th Birthday Eduin! You can read more about Eduin’s story here: http://kidswishnetwork.org/2014/06/historic-d-c-wish-for-history-buff-eduin/
Today the Oklahoma State Chamber invited me to join the stage with Sens. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) and Oklahoma’s junior Senator Tom Coburn at an event entitled “Oklahoma Conversations.” The event allows Oklahoma businesses to speak with national leaders about issues confronting businesses, federal regulatory policies and federal spending.
Today, I joined Glenn Beck to discuss the one year anniversary of the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty. Click the link below to listen.  https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/inhofe-joins-glenn-beck-on-one-year-anniversary-of-unatt 
Today marks one year since the Obama Administration made the United States a signatory nation to the United Nations Arms Trade Treaty, a treaty that is still subject to and will never garner the necessary 60 votes for ratification. The Senate has clearly rejected the treaty which would undermine American’s best interests, and it is time the president rescinds the United States as a signatory nation. Please take a moment to read more here: http://townhall.com/columnists/jamesinhofe/2014/09/24/anniversary-of-sec-kerry-signing-un-arms-trade-treaty-n1885060/page/full
Today, President Obama attended the U.N. Climate Change Summit in New York, a meeting that Russia, India, China, Germany, and Australia all chose not to attend. What does the President think he can accomplish with potentially bypassing Congress and subjecting the U.S. to an international agreement to reduce US greenhouse gas emissions that other major players aren’t agreeing to? In the letter, I asked the President to explain how it will be possible for the U.S. economy to grow and expand in opportunities if it is crippled by environmental mandates that strengthen the competitiveness of other countries. You can read the letter here. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/?id=03368920-d8e5-4c3b-8961-287398197d9b&download=1
I first want to take a moment to thank the brave men and women of our armed forces who executed their missions in Syria with great skill and courage.  Our nation owes them a debt of gratitude for their continued willingness to answer the call in defense of our national security. As for the President's actions in Syria, while limited airstrikes is a good first step, the President still has not presented to the American people his long-term objectives or vision for what success looks like in Syria, and so it’s not clear how his short-term tactic to “simultaneously pressure ISIL” fits into a larger strategy that can succeed.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-airstrikes-in-syria
It has become very clear this week that the President is ignoring the advice of his military leaders on what it may take to defeat ISIS. The Washington Post has a good read on this here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/rift-widens-between-obama-us-military-over-strategy-to-fight-islamic-state/2014/09/18/ebdb422e-3f5c-11e4-b03f-de718edeb92f_story.html?wprss=rss_national-security
Happy 67th Birthday to the United States Air Force!
Around 10:40am Central, I will defend the Keystone XL Pipeline on the Senate floor. Join the conversation on Twitter by using #KeystoneXL and tune into the speech here: http://www.c-span.org/video/?321562-1/us-senate-morning-business
Yesterday, Senator Levin and I announced that our Senate Armed Services Committee has uncovered in a year-long investigation that China’s military has hacked into computer networks of civilian transportation companies that partner with the Pentagon. China has stolen e-mails, passwords, and computer codes in order to monitor logistic routes of contractors who transport military equipment and personnel for the Department of Defense. I worked with Sen. Levin on legislation that will streamline the process for these contractors, many of of which are small businesses, to report to appropriate federal agencies when they suspect hacking or a breach or their networks. https://news.yahoo.com/senate-china-hacked-military-contractor-networks-143023302.html
In January 1970, Oklahoma native Specialist Four Donald P. Sloat selflessly sacrificed his life to save the lives of the other soldiers in his unit. On Monday, Specialist Four Sloat’s brother, Dr. William Sloat, accepted the Medal of Honor on his brother’s behalf. I was honored today to welcome and speak with the Sloat family at the U.S. Capitol. Please take a moment to learn more about Specialist Four Slot’s story and see our pictures here: http://newsok.com/two-upcoming-medal-of-honor-recipients-have-oklahoma-ties/article/5336427
Today I was privileged to meet Command Sergeant Major Bennie Adkins and his family during their visit to Washington, D.C. CSM Adkins was born in Waurika, Okla., and, on Monday, was awarded the Medal of Honor for his fiercely courageous actions in Vietnam where he fought through severe injuries in order to save the lives of his fellow soldiers. His brave actions also prevented critical U.S. intelligence from falling into enemy hands. Please take a moment to read more about CSM Adkins here: https://www.google.com/url?q=http://newsok.com/medal-of-honor-ceremony-for-donald-sloat-and-bennie-adkins/multimedia/video/3786287975001&sa=U&ei=aAkaVPG9EcL58AHp_oBQ&ved=0CAYQFjAA&client=internal-uds-cse&usg=AFQjCNETQiV2fQzD0_cgI42HaNj5IgjW4w
I appreciate the honesty from our witnesses at yesterday’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the threat of ISIS. They were willing to discuss the rapid growth and strong influence of this terrorist army, and how it affects our own national security,  as well as share about the potential for future U.S. boots on the ground in the region. The President is choosing not to tell the truth every time the Obama Administration promises no boots on the ground. The Obama Administration needs to put an end to the campaign rhetoric and allow our military leaders to make the decisions about what it is going to take to win this war.    My staff has posted my TV interviews today with FOX News, CNN, and MSNBC about my concerns, which I hope you can take a moment to watch here:  www.youtube.com/jiminhofepressoffice 
On this day in 1787, the Constitution was signed.
This week, Angels in Adoption will be hosting a gala to honor those who have chosen to grow their families through adoption. I had the pleasure of meeting today native Oklahoman, Shelley Cadamy, who will be recognized at the event tomorrow night for opening her heart and home to three children who had once been in the foster care system. Shelley is passionate about foster care and adoption, especially of older children who are often overlooked because of their age. Shelley is not only an anchor for her kids, but a resource and guide through her personal blog for those in and beyond Oklahoma interested in adopting from the foster care system. Thank you, Shelley Cadamy, for your commitment to children in need of a loving family.
Today the President will announce plans to deploy 3,000 U.S. troops to Africa to aid in the Ebola virus outbreak. I want our military to be capable of leading and aiding others with our expertise, but the President can’t have it both ways by relying on our military to do it all while on the other hand slashing its budget. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-deployment-of-us-troops-to-africa
Today, my committee will be holding a hearing on the threat of ISIS with Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and General Martin E. Dempsey, serving as witnesses. What are some questions that you hope will get answered about the President's strategy for the region? Tune in live here: http://1.usa.gov/1xzMztZ 
President Obama has said his counterterrorism strategy in Iraq and Syria against ISIS will compare to how he has handled terrorism in Yemen. Why this is a recipe for failure:  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/dont-replicate-failure-yemen_804738.html?page=1
The White House is currently holding a ceremony to posthumously honor the late U.S. Army Specialist Four Donald Sloat, a native of Coweta, Okla., with the Medal of Honor. With this award the nation recognizes the immense courage of one of Oklahoma’s sons and the dedication of one of our nation’s brave military heroes. Specialist Four Sloat proudly joined the U.S. Army in 1969 and served his country overseas in Vietnam as a Machine gunner. In the midst of a patrol in January 1970, Specialist Four Sloat sacrificed his life to protect the lives of his brothers in combat from a grenade. Today let us honor and remember Specialist Four Sloat for his selfless actions that saved the lives of his fellow soldiers. http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/coweta-army-specialist-donald-sloat-receives-medal-of-honor-40-years-after-being-killed-in-action 
President Obama has said his counterterrorism strategy in Iraq and Syria against ISIS will compare to how he has handled terrorism in Yemen. Why this is a recipe for failure:  http://www.weeklystandard.com/blogs/dont-replicate-failure-yemen_804738.html?page=1
Thank you for the overwhelming input on the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. I look forward to introducing it in Congress: http://issuu.com/jiminhofe/docs/pbor2_issu
Yesterday I joined the Oklahoma Honor Flight program and greeted WWII Veterans at the WWII memorial. It was an honor to speak with them and it was a wonderful reminder that there is no adequate compensation for what our nation’s veterans have bravely and honorably secured for us. But, we can strive to pay tribute to their service, by continuing our commitment to provide them with the best possible care and recognition. #WWIIvets
This week I joined 13 of my Senate colleagues in sending a letter to Sec. John Kerry calling for the Obama Administration to provide a plan for dealing with the large number of Westerners that are fighting alongside the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other terrorist organizations. I find it unacceptable that the administration has yet to take strong action to prevent these Westerners from entering the U.S. to carry out terrorist acts.
This morning I skyped with KJRH's Russ McCaskey about the president’s speech last night that was to layout a plan for the extremist terrorist army ISIS. He missed an opportunity to restore American leadership and credibility throughout the world, and will continue his policy of “lead from behind.” Please take a moment to watch my interview here: http://www.kjrh.com/news/local-news/sen-inhofe-says-president-trying-to-lead-from-behind-with-isis-plan-and-that-is-not-what-is-needed
On this date each year the nation gives pause to remember the innocent American lives lost in the horrific terrorist attacks on our homeland 13 years ago. On this same date just two years ago, our enemies struck again when they launched an attack on our diplomatic facility in Benghazi, Libya, where we lost four brave American heroes. Let us remember today in prayer the families who are faced every day with the untimely loss of their loved ones in these tragic events, and extend gratitude to the men and women in uniform who have fought and sacrificed to bring about justice and protect the homeland. Our country pledges to never forget the victims of 9/11 and their families, the first responders, and our military whose lives have since been forever changed.  Recent events across the Middle East and North Africa serve as a sober reminder on this anniversary that our enemies are resilient. The threat of terrorism remains alive, with al-Qaeda now operating in more countries and controlling more territory than ever before. Our nation also faces the threat of ISIL, who has savagely killed two American citizens and has vowed not to stop there with the pain it wants to inflict on the citizens of our nation. In order to combat the enemy, the United States must remain vigilant and be ready to defend against and defeat those who wish to do us harm. As the ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I remain committed to ensuring our servicemembers have the training and resources they need to continue to protect America.
Tonight, on the eve of the anniversary of the terrorist attacks of 9/11, President Obama had an important opportunity to present a clear and compelling plan to the American people to defeat the greatest terrorist threat this nation has faced since the attacks 13 years ago. I wanted him to be more honest with the American people, to say that ISIL has evolved into an extremist army with the potential to attack our homeland and to deliver a strategy to reflect this real concern. Tonight, the President's strategy instead re-plowed the ground of what he has already done and requested what Congressional leaders have already offered.  At ISIL headquarters in Raqqa, Syria, you can hear a sigh of relief.   I'll be talking with several Oklahoma radio and TV outlets in the morning more about my response, and I hope you can tune in.
Today I had the honor to speak at the In Defense of Christianity Summit where I discussed how freedom of religion is one of our most precious constitutional liberties.
The Department of Transportation informed my office yesterday that the city of Tulsa has been awarded at $10 million grant to rebuild and rehabilitate Riverside Drive. This major construction project will help to ensure the street is a safe and sufficient access point to, "A Gathering Place for Tulsa", a 75-acre recreational park set to open in 2017. I look forward to seeing this project through to completion from my position on the Environment and Public Works Committee and can only anticipate the benefits of this project for our great city. 
In an interview this morning with MSNBC, I shared just how sick and tired I am of people in Washington pointing fingers at each other, saying what we should do and shouldn’t do to take on ISIL. We have men and women in uniform already in harms way in the Middle East. It’s time Congress takes up my AUMF and settle this argument. My AUMF will force President Obama out of the shadows and remove any excuse for what type action or access to resources he needs to defeat this violent terrorist army.
Last night, I joined my Senate Armed Services Committee colleague Sen. Tim Kaine to discuss the threat of ISIL to the homeland. We both are calling for the president to deliver a comprehensive strategy to defeat ISIL, and we each explained our reasons for why Congress must be involved. You can watch a recap of our interview online here: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/bb/senators-debate-presidents-power-launch-fight-islamic-state/ 
This afternoon the House of Representatives will vote on a resolution disapproving the President’s decision earlier this summer to break the law by failing to notify Congress 30 days before his release of the Taliban Five from Guantanamo Bay. Because of his reckless decision, five senior terrorist leaders are now back in the Middle East region at a time of significant instability and when we still have men and women in uniform on the ground. I support the House’s legislation and urge them to send a strong bipartisan signal that his decisions that threaten our national security and the safety of our servicemembers in the region will not be left ignored.
Americans are asking the President for a comprehensive strategy not just for Iraq, but for wherever the Islamic State (IS) operates around the world. My resolution I introduced last night would require the President to deliver such a strategy to defeat IS. The American public wants their defeat, but Americans also want a better understanding of what the strategy is and what military and other resources will be needed. It's time the President brings clarity to the mission and shows America’s resolve to protect its citizens and defeat IS. No more excuses. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-resolution-to-authorize-use-of-force-against-is
Staff Update: Sen. Inhofe is filling in this morning as Ranking Member during the Environment and Public Works (EPW) committee hearing to consider the nominations of Mr. Jeffery M. Baran and Mr. Stephen G. Burns to be Members of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. You can watch the hearing live here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Hearings.LiveStream
Today the House Committee on Natural Resources is holding a hearing on Congressman Markwayne Mullin’s bill to reverse the U.S. U.S. Department of the Interior’s listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken (LPC) as threatened. The five states that encompass the LPC range have developed a plan that has already increased the LPC population and dedicated $43 million to conserve 9 million acres. Despite this plan and the increase of the LPC population by 20 percent last year, the federal government decided in March to list the species as “threatened," severely limiting the ability of local businesses and landowners to work or develop the land where the LPC population exists. We must allow the states to implement their plan which will conserve the species without increasing big government regulations or stifling job creation. Reversing the LPC listing is one of my top priorities in the Senate and I am proud to work with Congressman Markwayne Mullin to see it through. You can watch the hearing here:  http://naturalresources.house.gov/live/ or read my companion legislation here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/lpc-delist-legislation
Today, Foreign Policy published my op-ed on how the Obama Administration is letting Russia off the hook as Putin seeks to build up his country's nuclear arms. I hope you will take a moment to read how the United States should be responding to Russia's nuclear provocation: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/foreign-policy-its-time-to-stop-putins-nuclear-arms-buildup
The Islamic State (IS) has no regard or value for human life. They boldly and violently murder innocent civilians in the public square while terrorizing others by forcing bystanders to be an audience for their brutality. Through their "economy of extortion," IS brings in an average of $1 million a day to fund their unabashed reign of terror, making them one of the world's richest terrorist groups. http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB20001424052970203937904580117962883035440?mod=rss_Page_One&mg=reno64-wsj&url=http%3A%2F%2Fonline.wsj.com%2Farticle%2FSB20001424052970203937904580117962883035440.html%3Fmod%3Drss_Page_One
Yesterday the President announced plans to take unilateral action to enact the U.N. climate change treaty, ignoring the voice of Americans through their representatives in Congress.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/08/27/obama-reportedly-plotting-end-run-around-congress-on-global-climate-change-deal/
Recorded an interview with KCFO-AM's Doc Blevins and Friends today. Tune in Saturday at 11AM or again at 11PM Central on the radio or online at www.kcfo.com.
The development of CNG fueled vehicles is changing the way Americans travel and transport goods. This morning I had the pleasure of speaking to the men and women of Seaboard Foods, High Plains Biodiesel, and the City of Guymon at the groundbreaking of a new CNG filling station.
I was honored to speak this morning to the airmen, civilians and contractors who work with Tinker Air Force Base during the Tinker And The Primes conference.
I am proud to congratulate Jenks Middle School Principal Rob Miller for being selected as one of six finalists for National Principal of the Year, and Rodney Maynard, principal of Davis High School, for being honored as Oklahoma’s principal of the year. I look forward to meeting both administrators during their visit next month to Washington D.C. to be honored for their dedication to the education and development of Oklahoma’s youth.
As leaders from Africa are gathered in Washington this week, I hope they have many opportunities to address with President Obama issues unique to each of their countries. One key issue for the betterment of Africa as a whole is the need to develop critical electricity resources and the simple changes to U.S. policies that can help bring it about more quickly. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in the Washington Times today on this topic: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/aug/5/inhofe-an-obama-switch-for-african-electricity/#ixzz39eA88aew  Follow us: @washtimes on Twitter
The terrible news yesterday of America soldiers being killed in Afghanistan is a grim reminder of the sacrifices made by our servicemembers and their families to protect the nation. We owe a debt of gratitude to these men and women that can only be repaid by our reaffirmation to support the loved ones they leave behind. My thoughts and prayers are with those killed and wounded as well as their families.    This incident is a reminder that despite the steps taken by ISAF, the Afghan National Security Forces and the government of Afghanistan to mitigate insider threats, Afghanistan is still a dangerous place and force protection remains a critical mission. As the President withdraws our forces, it is critically important that we listen to our commanders on the ground to determine what is necessary to safely and effectively accomplish our mission in Afghanistan.  We owe that to all of the brave servicemembers who have volunteered to go into harm’s way in defense of the nation.
Yesterday, the Obama Administration said it would stop using Fort Sill in Oklahoma after August 8 to house children who have crossed the border illegally. While this is welcome news for the various training missions on post that would have been affected if the children’s stay had continued through January 2015, the Administration is still not addressing the policies that led to the unprecedented flow of children in the first place. We are a country made of immigrants, with more than 1 million coming to our country through the proper legal process each year. We should be enforcing the policies Congress put in place to keep our nation and border secure, while respecting those who have made the concerted effort to abide by our laws. http://newsok.com/immigrant-children-to-be-moved-from-fort-sill/article/5125431 
Today I joined friends and fellow aviators at the Oklahoma aviation luncheon at the Oshkosh airshow. We had the opportunity to discuss the important reforms that have been made in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights since it became law two years ago and how the new Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 (PBOR2) will expand on those reforms while cutting burdensome red tape for aviators. EAA Chairman and fellow Oklahoman Jack Pelton joined us and took questions. Oklahoma was well represented with people from Norman, Enid, Guymon, Ardmore, and Ada in attendance meeting with aviation companies looking to bring new jobs to Oklahoma. #OSH14  For those interested in the new PBOR2, please click here: http://issuu.com/jiminhofe/docs/pbor2_issu
I will be hosting a forum at Oshkosh AirVenture today at 10AM CST to get feedback on the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2. If you are at Oshkosh I hope that you will join us. If you were unable to make it, you can still submit comments and feedback on my website here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/feedback/PBOR2
Today both chambers of Congress passed a bill to reform the Department of Veterans Affairs; the House passing it 420 to 5, and the Senate passed it moments ago 91 to 3. When our sons and daughters enlisted into our all-volunteer force, they answered an unwavering ‘yes’ to every request asked of them by their country. The United States promised to care for them in return.  Congress took an important step towards reforming an overburdened and unnecessarily bureaucratic agency today while also improving the quality of health care our veterans have rightfully earned and deserve.  I hope you will take a moment to read more here about what this bill will do: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-passage-of-va-reform-bill-
Senate Democrats attempted to push through a so-called last minute $2.7 billion emergency spending bill tonight to aid the immigration crisis at the border, but the bill did absolutely nothing to change the President's policies that have led to the crisis. The President's amnesty promises, coupled with the many loop holes in our welfare system, will only encourage more immigrants to come to the U.S. Illegally. I cannot support any funding measure that provides no additional support for border security, no expedited deportation, or no end to failed immigration policies. #StopObamasAmnesty
Today Senator Joe Donnelly and I introduced a bill to level the playing field between natural gas and diesel powered long haul trucks. Natural gas fuel systems weigh approximately 2,000 lbs. more than their diesel counterparts, and in order to comply with federal regulations, natural gas trucks lose the ability to carry that weight in cargo. Our bill would provide an exemption to the weight restrictions for natural gas trucks to ensure that they can haul the equivalent freight load as diesel trucks. What does 2,000 lbs. mean in terms of Oklahoma’s goods?
Today Senator David Vitter released a report that is critical to continuing the EPW Committee’s work of untangling the extensive web that connects the Environmental Protection Agency to activist organizations and their deep-pocketed donors. Despite their often assumed grassroots advocacy, the real ‘movement’ is backed by a club of environmental billionaires who are pulling the puppet strings of ENGOs, charitable organizations, and President Obama’s overzealous EPA to enact their radical agenda. This report makes Tom Steyer look like a model of transparency for being out in the open with how he spends his money. This report and others like it help to shine a light on the dark-money network that is derailing our nation’s ability to be energy independent and keep energy prices affordable for all Americans. http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Files.View&FileStore_id=8af3d005-1337-4bc3-bcd6-be947c523439
Despite the abundant population growth of a little burying beetle, the federal government is refusing to take the species off its endangered list. This in turn is making it increasingly difficult for Oklahomans to pursue new business opportunities and housing developments without excessive costs and hurdles to protect a species that significant evidences shows is thriving. Yesterday, I introduced a bill to fix this problem as well as address the recent listing of the Lesser Prairie Chicken. You can read more about both bills here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-legislation-to-address-listings-under-endangered-species-act
Yesterday the Senate gave its overwhelming approval for Robert McDonald to be the new Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs. As the drawdown in Afghanistan begins and our troops return from the front lines of battle, it is imperative that McDonald not waste time to ensure that our veterans' healthcare needs are met with quality care in a timely manner.  McDonald will face adversity in his new role, but I am confident that his past military service and successful private-sector experience will give him the wherewithal to create an environment that is immune to the bureaucratic mess that led to lengthy backlogs and a lack of access to treatment. I will fight alongside McDonald to ensure that we fix this broken system for the sake of the men and women who fought for our freedoms; they deserve nothing less.
In honor of today's 239th birthday of the Army chaplain corps, I want to share the story of Capt. Dale Goetz highlighted by the LA Times. An Army chaplain, Capt. Goetz was killed by a roadside bomb while traveling to several remote combat outposts in Afghanistan to hold services and counsel soldiers. He was the first military chaplain killed in combat since the Vietnam War. “Chaplain Goetz was completely committed to God, his Family and taking care of Soldiers,” one of his soldiers said. Join me in honoring and celebrating the courage of these Chaplains, the often unsung heroes to our men and women in uniform.  http://articles.latimes.com/2010/dec/02/nation/la-na-chaplain-20101202
The Senate and House have come together to put forward a comprehensive Veterans Affairs (VA) reform legislation. I am glad to announce that this bill will allow the Tulsa VA clinic to pursue a new cost-effective facility to best serve Oklahoma veterans’ growing health care needs. The clinic's current lease is set to end in 2020 and cannot be renewed due to the location not being up to current regulations for medical facilities. The bill will allow the VA clinic to pursue a larger facility in order to consolidate its multiple locations, expand its services and improve the quality of care for Tulsa’s growing veteran population. Please follow this link to read my joint statement with Congressman Jim Bridenstine and Congressman Markwayne Mullin: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-bridenstine-mullin-praise-tulsa-va-clinic-provision-in-va-reform-bill
President Obama’s deferred action for childhood arrivals (DACA) program, announced in 2012, is responsible for the unprecedented flow of unaccompanied alien children (UAC) crossing the border illegally. This program and President Obama’s campaign rhetoric have given families in Central America the false promise of amnesty here in the United States, as long as they can just get to the border. This is why the Department of Homeland Security is predicting 90,000 UAC to cross the border this year alone, when the number was as low as 6,000 in 2011 and every year before then. This week I joined Senator Ted Cruz, Jeff Sessions and Senator David Vitter on legislation to #StopObamasAmnesty.  You can read more about the legislation here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-backs-legislation-to-block-funding-for-daca-amnesty
Meriam and her family have been on a long journey over the past year, and I am encouraged to learn that today they are together, safe, and free. Meriam’s story reminds us that there are still many areas of the world where religious intolerance and persecution are not only alive but are being instigated by government leaders.  My wife Kay and my prayers remain with Meriam and her family, as well as those around the world who desire to practice their deeply held faith peacefully and freely but are threatened with imprisonment, disownment, or even death. For the United States to remain an advocate for increased freedoms around the world, it must start with encouraging governments to protect the fundamental right to religious freedom. I appreciate the State Department remaining in constant contact with my office and for working with U.S. allies to assist in her safe release. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/10987694/Sudanese-Christian-woman-Meriam-Ibrahim-arrives-in-Italy.html
The Oklahoma Delegation Prayer Breakfast is one of my favorite annual events I get to participate in here in Washington. I look forward to seeing some of you there this morning! Please join us from 7AM to 8AM Central in prayer for our great state of Oklahoma.
Yesterday I had the great honor of speaking at the Christians United for Israel Summit. I shared my concerns for President Obama’s decision to continue giving Iran’s economy billions of dollars by easing sanctions. Not only does our intelligence tell us that Iran is in pursuit of a nuclear weapon and means to launch it by next year, but we also know Iran is funding Hamas. The turbulent times we face serve as a reminder why the United States and Israel must continue to work together to maintain a strong missile defense system. The same enemies that threaten the existence of Israel also want to destroy America. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-speaks-at-the-christians-united-for-israel-summit
Tune in live to the EPW Hearing where we are currently questioning EPA Adm. Gina McCarthy on newly proposed EPW regulation for existing power plants. In the opening statement, I expressed my three main concerns with the rule:   1. This rule will cause electricity prices to go up. We know this from EPA’s own logic. 2. This rule will end with the United States looking like Germany, where the poor and the business community alike are reeling under high electricity prices, which are three times higher than they are here. 3. We know that this rule will have essentially no impact on global temperatures, which is very important because that is ultimately what this rule is supposed to do.   I’ll be asking Adm. McCarthy a few questions soon. You can tune in live here: http://www.epw.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=Hearings.LiveStream
Today the D.C. Circuit upheld a challenge in Halbig v. Burwell that government subsidies given to 4.7 million people on the federally run Healthcare.gov were not legal under the Affordable Care Act. President Obama sold his signature legislation on the merit it would make healthcare affordable. The Administration has been breaking the President’s own law in order to give the appearance of a promise kept, but as we’ve seen with the number of people losing their preferred healthcare plans and doctors as well as the skyrocketing costs, ObamaCare has only been a promise broken. Today’s decision is similar to litigation that Oklahoma’s Attorney Scott Pruitt filed in 2011 challenging ObamaCare’s overreach into 34 states that have refused to set up exchanges. Courts are beginning to agree that ObamaCare is riddled with problems and that the current Administration is deliberately ignoring its own flawed law. Here is a picture of some of the latest Oklahoma stories I’ve received into my office on ObamaCare:
Today I spoke with Bill Hemmer on America’s Newsroom about Secretary Kerry’s trip to Cairo, and Egypt’s attempts to negotiate a ceasefire to the conflict in the Gaza strip. Unfortunately, Hamas has repeatedly refused to agree to the terms, and instead is choosing to perpetuate the violence. Hamas is using innocent men, women and children to shield the weaponry the terrorists are using to attack Israel. As Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “Israel is using missile defense to protect our citizens, and Hamas is using their civilians to protect their missiles.” I strongly support the right of Israel to protect itself from terrorist attacks and hope that you will take a moment to watch the video here:   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/news/video-and-audio/view/inhofe-joins-fox-news-americas-newsroom-to-discuss-sec-kerrys-visit-to-egypt 
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be on FOX’s America’s Newsroom at 8:35AM CST to talk about the conflict in the Gaza Strip and Secretary of State John Kerry’s visit to Cairo.
The Obama Administration has quietly decided to extend the stay and expand the capacity of our nation’s military facilities for housing unaccompanied alien children that have crossed the border illegally.  Yesterday the Oklahoma delegation, Congressman Tom Cole, Congressman Jim Bridenstine, Congressman Markwayne Mullin, Frank Lucas, Rep. James Lankford and I said it’s time the President reconsider his use of Fort Sill as a housing location for UAC. Should the President ask Fort Sill to continue housing the children past October, it could impede on the installation’s responsibility to train new troops and become a serious national security issue.  President Obama needs to stop putting the onus on our strapped military to manage his crisis, and instead prioritize solutions that will quickly reunite these children with their families in their home country. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/oklahoma-delegation-urges-obama-administration-to-reconsider-use-of-ft-sill-to-house-unaccompanied-alien-children
I appreciate the Chickasha Chamber of Commerce for hosting a lunch today to talk with community leaders on the latest in Congress. Most questions I received were on the unaccompanied alien children (UAC) who are living at Fort Sill. The Administration has made no indication that the children's stay will end anytime soon, which concerns me with how this could soon impede on the base’s responsibility to house and train new recruits. We also discussed the recent developments with the potential shoot down of the Malaysian plane flying over Ukraine. It’s extremely important the United States is involved in this investigation, and it’s time Europe steps up and imposes sanctions on Russia that signals Putin’s military assistance to pro-Russian separatists is not acceptable and will not be tolerated.
Majority Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor yesterday that the border is secure. With roughly 1,200 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) currently living at Fort Sill who crossed the border illegally in the past couple months and thousands of more UAC expected, I have to strongly disagree. How about you? http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/212328-reid-southern-border-is-secure
In an increasingly dangerous world, the Senate needs to consider and debate the National Defense Authorization Act before fiscal year’s end — for the safety of our men and women in uniform and for the security of our nation. I continue to urge Majority Leader Reid to bring the NDAA to the floor. Join me too -> http://youtu.be/Y-SH3QJRyY0
On Sunday, the Daily Oklahoman ran my op-ed with Congressman Tom Cole on how our military bases are not the appropriate long-term solution to manage the alarming influx of unaccompanied children crossing the border. As we mentioned in the op-ed, the President has already decimated the military with budget cuts and his lack of overall strategy; now he’s asking them to do more. Last week, the administration communicated plans to use the installations now until January 2015 and to house 5,000 more children than the 3,800 current capacity. The President has instructed the military to shoulder this burden because it will always rise to the occasion. But my concern is that the President’s plans will hinder the work our men and women in uniform need to be doing on these bases to help keep our nation safe and secure.   http://newsok.com/jim-inhofe-tom-cole-obama-must-address-surge-in-young-immigrants/article/4987963 
We learned on Thursday that the Obama Administration is now sending pink slips to our soldiers who are currently serving overseas in Afghanistan. My heart goes out to these men and women who are are risking their lives and making great sacrifices yet are now being told they are being separated from the Army and will have no job when they return home to their families. The alarming cutbacks happening with our military are a direct result of the priorities the President has set for the nation with the resources we have. There are many other programs in the federal government that can be looked at, reformed, and cut, therefore the President owns this issue. These pink slips are just the beginning. If defense sequestration continues, our Army could reach pre-World War II levels, which will lead to more troops losing their jobs while on the front lines in the coming years. This is devastating for morale and even worse for our national security.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-on-us-soldiers-in-afghanistan-receiving-pink-slips
The Constitution assigns Congress with the responsibility to care for our nation’s military and our infrastructure. In August, the Highway Trust Fund will run out of funds to maintain and improve our nation’s roads and bridges. While a bill has been announced in Congress to fix this problem, don’t get too excited because it is not yet paid for. While the core of the bill is good, we must find an offset to pay for it, and I’m working with my colleagues to find that solution. I appreciate Case Construction Equipment for visiting my office to talk about this important issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhklpTykdvQ&list=UUdxVToScI3jlA4wp0brNdiA
Israelis constantly face the threat of terrorism coming from the Gaza Strip and terrorist organizations like Hamas who seek the destruction of the state of Israel. As Israel continues to protect its citizens and defend its homeland, my prayers are with the families of those who have been killed and the innocent Israelis who remain in harms way. I hold out hope for a peaceful resolution to the violence which maintains the strength and territorial sovereignty of one of our strongest and most sincere allies, Israel.
I applaud the Department of Defense (DOD) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for coming to an agreement on a 25-year-old rule that the DOD recently decided to start enforcing to the detriment of a program supporting Oklahoma’s local fire departments and their ability to fight wildfires. This quick resolution would not have been possible without the rapid criticism from many Members of Congress and the coordinated effort with Governor Fallin’s office. Today the agencies decided to extend the national security exemption for this vital program on the grounds that the vehicles' titles remain under DOD after being repurposed in order to ensure the vehicles are eventually destroyed. This new agreement will create more red tape for our local fire departments by requiring the roughly 17,000 pieces of surplus equipment around the state to now be tracked and returned once they are no longer in use. This is the best short term answer to maintain the program with the DOD, and I will be working with my colleagues to address the unnecessary regulation created by the agreement. Since Thursday, I have been in contact with both agencies about this issue and I appreciate their responsiveness to my staff and me on the urgent matter. http://newsok.com/article/4987107
President Obama’s failed policies and campaign tactics have driven the unprecedented flow of unaccompanied minors across the southern border. In response, he has turned to our military bases, like Ft. Sill in Oklahoma, for help with housing these children. The President's failure to visit the border during his trip to Texas today disrespects our military and their limited resources he is calling up to manage a crisis he created. Likewise, it is a snub to the thousands of border agents, local officials and vulnerable children caught in the crosshairs. President Obama should put his political fundraising on hold, accept the appropriate leadership role of a president and personally witness this crisis that is leaving young children in the hands of human traffickers and threatening the security of our nation.
Last night KJRH spotlighted a tragic story about a Korean War veteran living in Tulsa who experienced problems with receiving timely care from the VA after a crippling heart attack. This is yet another example of the unacceptable state of our nation’s care for veterans. Since the beginning of 2014 alone, my office has received requests from over 800 veterans needing assistance. Our clinics are near max capacity in treating the nearly 340,000 Oklahoma veterans with the quality healthcare they need and earned, and this number is only expected to rise with the drawdown in Afghanistan. I am fighting in Washington for an overhaul of the Department of Veterans Affairs that will enforce more oversight and focus attention on the needs of the men and women who have served our nation.   http://www.kjrh.com/news/state/veterans-care-in-tulsa-and-oklahoma-is-a-concern-for-us-sen-jim-inhofe-wants-overhaul-of-va
I wish each of you a Happy Fourth of July! God bless the men and women of our military, and God bless the United States of America.
It appears at this time the Department of Defense has randomly decided to enforce a decades-old agreement with the EPA that will end a vital program supporting our rural fire departments in Oklahoma. I am working with my colleagues in the Senate to send a letter to Sec. Hagel demanding a detailed explanation as to his decision. Today, I also reached out to the EPA for clarification on their interpretation of this very old rule. Many of our small fire departments depend on this program to have the proper equipment to respond and care for their local communities. I am working to get answers from the Obama Administration and to bring about a quick resolution that supports our rural and volunteer fire departments in Oklahoma. http://newsok.com/ban-on-defense-department-vehicle-sales-to-affect-oklahomas-rural-fire-departments/article/4984973
There are several reports of how Health and Human Services (HHS) has handled the situation of housing up to 1,400 unaccompanied alien children (UAC) at Fort Sill. In working to provide oversight over the past month and after visiting the children two weeks ago, my greatest concern has been that the Obama Administration has failed to provide information in a timely manner, and the information I and others involved have received is many times inconsistent depending on which government agency is providing it. As I told the Washington Free Beacon yesterday, no one seems to know exactly what is going on at any time, which has made it very difficult for Members of Congress to do our job to provide needed oversight of the Administration's decision to turn our military base into a housing complex for UACs.   http://freebeacon.com/issues/congressman-denied-access-to-facility-housing-illegal-immigrant-children/
Thanks to the Bartlesville Chamber of Commerce for hosting me this morning and giving me the opportunity to hear first hand from our local job creators.
The Green family has built a successful business based on principles that are rooted in their deeply held faith. Today the Supreme Court ruled to protect those principles and the religious liberties of private employers. ObamaCare's mandate that employers provide abortion inducing drugs to employees violated the conscience of the Greens. Instead of succumbing to enormous financial penalties for failing to comply, the Green family stood strong in their faith and successfully fought against the intrusions of the federal government and preserved their right to religious freedom. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-hobby-lobby-ruling
Today the Supreme Court confirmed the President’s disregard for the law in January of 2012 when he skirted congress and made unconstitutional appointments. He took matters into his own hands and ignored the will of the people, much like he has done on a number of other issues during his Presidency from costly cap-and-trade regulations to the rollout of ObamaCare. Today's ruling serves as a reminder that the Constitution will always govern this land and must be respected, even by the President. 1.usa.gov/UMVgzo
Today the Obama Administration briefed Senate leadership on Iran and its nuclear weapons program. It was clear to me that a deal on Iran's nuclear weapons program by July 20 is extremely unlikely, and it's equally unlikely an acceptable deal will be reached six months later. To continue enriching uranium, the Iranians want to build 30,000 more centrifuges than they have today. At the same time, we need them to dismantle 15,000 of the ones already in existence to ensure they won’t have a breakout capability to build a nuclear weapon. That means we’re 45,000 centrifuges apart in our demands. We are clearly nowhere close to a deal. Even if we could limit the centrifuges, we have no assurances that the Iranians won't then construct a secret facility to build nuclear weapons, which they’ve done twice before.
Building the northern leg of the Keystone XL pipeline would create 42,000 jobs immediately and tens of thousands more jobs would be supported in the manufacturing industry. Unfortunately, President Obama seems more concerned with helping his party pocket $100 million and more in campaign cash by continuing to block Keystone rather than encourage economic opportunity for all Americans. The pipeline is a safe and sensible way to transport Canadian oil sands through the United States, and research has found that the pipeline's development would have little affect on climate change. If President Obama continues to stall, we risk handing the Keystone pipeline to China who is eager to refine and distribute this energy resource. It's time President Obama makes good on his word when he said in Cushing, Oklahoma, two years ago that he would "break through bureaucratic hurdles" and make the pipeline a "priority." I'll be joining some of my fellow colleagues on the Senate floor shortly to talk about the Keystone pipeline. You can tune in live here: http://www.c-span.org/live/?channel=c-span-2
The State Department has confirmed with my office that Meriam Ishag is being released from prison, where she was ordered by the Sudanese government to be executed for peacefully practicing her Christian faith. She was first imprisoned while she was pregnant with her second child, who has since been born and has remained in prison with Meriam and her 21-month-old son. On June 4, the Senate passed my resolution with Senator Marco Rubio condemning the death sentence of Meriam. I also wrote a letter to Sec. Kerry asking for the United States to explore granting her and her family political asylum. My office is maintaining close contact with the Administration to help ensure Meriam is released into a safe environment and that she and her children are quickly reunited with her husband. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/sudan/10920067/Sudanese-woman-sentenced-to-death-for-apostasy-to-be-freed.html
I just visited Fort Sill where I was able to speak with a handful of the 600 unaccompanied children who are being housed on post and who entered the U.S. illegally. The promise for ‘amnesty’ that the Administration has communicated to those in Latin America is resulting in an increase in dangerous child trafficking rings and families parting ways all with hope that they can obtain amnesty.  My greatest concern with today's visit is that the Administration still could not provide us answers to basic questions as to where the resources are going to come from to care for these children or the assurance that housing them on a military installation will not become a permanent program. As I've said before, the President needs to send a strong message to the world that our immigration laws will be enforced.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-visit-to-fort-sill-to-tour-facility-housing-children-who-entered-the-us-illegally
Yesterday morning Pat Campbell and I discussed several issues, one being the President's decision to secretly strike a deal with the Taliban to release five senior Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay when we still have our military men and women in harms way. We also spoke about recent developments in Iraq, specifically how partnering with Iran is not a viable option to stop this well-funded, well organized terrorist group that is trying to work its way to Baghdad. Instead, a more logical solution would be to provide Iraq with non-lethal resources, such as intelligence and surveillance to help push back the enemy. If you’d like to listen to the interview, click this link from @KFAQ website: http://media.1170kfaq.com/audio/inhofe061914.mp3   
On Oct. 29, 2013, I sent a letter with Sens. Levin, McCain, Menendez, Corker, and Graham urging the President to increase logistics support, intelligence sharing, security assistance, and arms sales and training to Iraq. Today President Obama said he is ready to provide these means to Iraq, but once again, the President is doing too little, too late. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/?id=8f6687b3-7409-44fc-b660-2dd0b42ea52a&download=1
It was a pleasure to meet with the 44 students from Oklahoma that are traveled this week to Washington with the 4-H Youth Development Program!
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe is on live now with KFAQ's Pat Campbell talking about Iraq as well as our veterans.
I am proud of our U.S. special forces’ accomplishment in capturing Amed Abu Khatalla, who was reportedly involved in the Benghazi terrorist attack on September 11, 2012. This is a great victory, but instead of holding Khattala at Guantanamo Bay where he can be properly interrogated for intelligence, it appears he will be transferred to civilian custody at which time he will receive the same Constitutional due process rights as any American citizen. Once again the President has made the wrong decision on how our nation should be handling terrorists that are a threat to Americans and our national security. The President is more focused on his legacy of closing Guantanamo Bay than preventing future terrorist attacks like what happened in Benghazi that took the lives of four American heroes.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-capture-of-ahmed-abu-khatalla 
Yesterday I spoke with Wolf Blitzer on @CNN The Situation Room regarding the escalating situation in Iraq and warned against opinions that the United States' should work with the Iran regime. The President's failure to layout a national security plan for the Middle East has left a vacuum of leadership in the region that Iran is quickly filling. By working with Iran, the United States would only be legitimizing their presence in Iraq.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmduwq_lieU&list=TLkFl71W5alMH3UjjlD1tFp4maQrPr6Vxf 
America is a nation built on the principle of the rule of law, not the rule of man. The President needs to take responsibility for the crisis at our border and send a strong message to the world that our immigration laws will be enforced. In my op-ed in the Lawton Constitution on Sunday, I discussed a 2012 policy President Obama enacted that is contributing to the surge we are seeing in unaccompanied children crossing the border illegally:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/the-lawton-constitution-obamas-free-pass-policies-lead-to-immigration-crisis
Today I joined my friend Michael Savage on The Savage Nation radio show to discuss the latest developments in Iraq as well as the President’s lawless actions releasing 5 dangerous Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay. Later this afternoon, News Talk 1520 KOKC  will host the recorded version of our interview.
At 12:45PM Central, I'll be on CNN The Situation Room  with Wolf Blitzer to discuss the latest developments in Iraq.
Since 1775, the United States has relied on the Army to fight and preserve the freedoms and values that we cherish as a nation. Our Army is the best trained and most experienced landforce ever assembled. Today, more than 1.1 million soldiers serve in active, guard, and reserve units, including approximately 85,000 soldiers that are stationed in nearly 150 countries around the world. I am honored to have the privilege to support the Army through my position on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and to regularly visit our soldiers serving in Oklahoma and around the world, including my visit to Afghanistan in January. Our soldiers embody the best our nation has to offer, and we owe them a debt of gratitude that can never fully be repaid. Happy 239th Birthday to our Army, and the soldiers and their families that make it a crucial component of the best all-volunteer force in the world.
Our education system has grown to operate as if Washington knows best, but this approach has failed our nation’s children and silenced the most important voices in the room: parents, teachers, and local leaders. Children’s education needs are unique to each community and state, which is why on Tuesday I introduced the Local School Board Governance and Flexibility Act to return control of our education decisions back to the hands of local communities. My bill will give state and local school boards the necessary flexibility to achieve their education goals by reining in federal regulations, and give local communities a voice as to how those regulations are impacting their education pursuits. With more than 660,000 children enrolled in public schools across Oklahoma, it is pivotal we ensure that state and local school boards continue to have the voice and authority to carry out the education goals that best suit their children's needs and future. For more details on my legislation, please visit my website: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-bill-to-reign-in-department-of-education-restore-voice-of-state-and-local-school-boards
I enjoyed talking with @TheBlaze TV recently regarding what I believe President Obama's real reason was for releasing 5 senior Taliban leaders held in Guantanamo despite still having our military in harms way in Afghanistan:  http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2014/06/03/sen-inhofe-has-a-unique-take-on-why-obama-exchanged-five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-for-sgt-bergdahl/
President Obama’s failed strategy in Iraq contributed to the chaos we are seeing today.  Al Qaeda-inspired terrorists have returned and are overtaking key cities including Fallujah, Tikrit and Mosul, Iraq’s second largest city. He squandered the significant gains our troops made possible in Iraq at great cost in blood and treasure. He failed to listen to his commanders on the ground. He failed to finish negotiations on a Status of Forces agreement that would have allowed continued training and support of Iraqi forces. He failed to understand the global impact of America’s retreat from Iraq.  Today, the security situation is collapsing; terrorist groups are growing; and Iranian influence in Iraq and throughout the Middle East is increasing.  This is a direct result of the vacuum created by the Obama Administration’s failure of leadership and failed foreign policy. It is giving terrorists a safe haven in Iraq, Syria, and soon Afghanistan, and will bring terrorists to our door step. President Obama’s plan to retreat will make Afghanistan at the end of 2016 look like Iraq at the end of 2011, condemning Afghanistan’s future to Iraq’s fate that we see today.            http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-deteriorating-situation-in-iraq-and-future-of-afghanistan
Currently our immigration authorities are required to release any immigrant back into the U.S. that no other country will accept for deportation, even if the criminal has committed a crime of violence or an aggravated felony. This loophole in our immigration system, referred to as "catch and release," resulted in 36,000 criminally convicted immigrants released back into our communities across the nation. I introduced Keep Our Communities Safe Act this week to close this legal loophole and put checks in place to help keep these convicted felons off our streets. I appreciate my colleagues Senator Grassley, Senator David Vitter, Senator Jeff Sessions, and Senator Ted Cruz support on this legislation, which you can read more about here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-introduce-bill-to-close-catch-and-release-loophole
Today the Senate took an important step towards holding the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) accountable to the quality and accessibility of health care services our nation’s veterans deserve and have earned. The legislation will enforce accountability and transparency by requiring the VA to publish online wait-time goals as well as quality of care and outcome measures for all facilities. It will also authorize the VA Secretary to remove any employee that falsifies wait times or quality of care data. Most importantly, thanks to Sen. Tom Coburn, the bill will give veterans the much-needed opportunity to seek care from non-VA providers for the next two years if the veteran is unable to be seen within wait-time goals or resides more than 40 miles from a VA facility. This bill also expands job opportunities for veterans and expands access to affordable, higher education by allowing GI Bill recipients to receive instate tuition rates within three years of discharge. I am overall pleased with this legislation other than the fact it was quickly brought to the Senate floor without the opportunity to file amendments. The work is not yet done, and as this bill goes to conference, I will be working to ensure our Oklahoma veterans are given all possible options to access quality health care in the state. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-passage-of-senate-veterans-bill 
America's Newsroom invited me to appear on their show at 10:00AM  to discuss yesterday’s classified Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the release of 5 top Taliban commanders. Tune in and watch live!
Yesterday, the Department of Veterans Affairs released an audit of wait times at VA clinics across the nation. While the wait times at our Oklahoma facilities are better than the inexcusably poor national average, we risk these wait times worsening if the Tulsa VA clinic isn’t given the opportunity to expand. The clinic is already at max capacity, and our nation will see an influx of veterans as our men and women in uniform return home from Afghanistan as well as our current veterans continue to age and the demand increases for specialty services. Currently, the Tulsa VA clinic is at risk of shutting down in 2020, which would then overburden the Muskogee VA clinic. This is more than just about wait lists. We must provide our veterans with all the options we can to have access to quality care, and I am working to ensure this happens.  http://newsok.com/wait-times-at-oklahoma-va-hospitals-explored-in-audit-released-monday/article/4892518
The Obama Administration alerted Congressman Tom Cole and me that they will be sending to Fort Sill in Lawton, Okla., at least 600 unaccompanied minors who illegally immigrated to the United States where they will live for an unknown period of time. Our nation has an immigration problem and a national security crisis, but I don't believe the answer is for our military facilities to be transformed into a center that houses, feeds, and cares for illegal immigrants. The Administration has failed to provide any further details other than these children will arrive as early as June 10th. I have no doubt the Fort Sill and Lawton community will rise to the occasion, but in the interim we are working to get better answers from the Obama Administration. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-illegal-immigrants-to-be-housed-at-fort-sill-base
While the McCain-Sanders VA bill has qualities that our veterans need, such as having access to other means of care if they are wait-listed, I am very disappointed that their legislation publicly introduced yesterday intentionally singled out our Tulsa VA clinic and took $13 million dollars away from our Oklahoma veterans. This funding for improvements to our Tulsa VA clinic had the support of the entire Oklahoma delegation when they voted and the U.S. House passed H.R. 3521 last December. All other 26 clinics that were to receive funding from this House-passed bill are included in the McCain-Sanders bill except Tulsa. As the nation's military begins to transition out of Afghanistan and has most recently done so in Iraq, we are going to see an influx of new veterans in need of care. The Tulsa Clinic Director has said that they project outpatient demand to increase by 33 percent over the next 20 years. Because of this, we are likely to see wait times increase at our Tulsa facility. I'm glad this bill gives veterans another option, but I refuse to punish veterans who fall within the acceptable wait-time window with an overcrowded, obsolete VA facility. Our veterans deserve quality health care.   Furthermore, the next health care alternative for our wait-listed veterans under the McCain-Sanders bill is with physicians that participate in the Medicare program, another broken system. According to the Oklahoma Medical Association, our state ranks one of the poorest in the nation in the number of physicians per capita. Furthermore, our Oklahoma seniors already face challenges obtaining access to Medicare physicians, as there are only 12 practicing physicians per 1,000 Medicare beneficiaries, far below the national average. In Oklahoma, this instead shifts one burdened system onto the next instead of fixing the real issue of giving our veterans access to quality care.  After touring the Tulsa VA clinic this morning, it is apparent that the facility has outgrown its space for the demand it is already receiving, and the building inadequately addresses the behavioral health needs of our veterans returning from the battlefield. I will continue to work and do everything possible to ensure this clinic and our Oklahoma veterans have the funding they need to get access to the quality of care they deserve. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-working-to-fix-veterans-bill-that-excludes-vital-funding-for-tulsa-va-clinic
On this day seventy years ago, thousands of courageous Americans stormed the beaches of Normandy against nearly insurmountable odds in the name of freedom.  Their service and sacrifices helped lift millions from under the heavy grip of tyranny and forever changed the course of history.  Not just today, but every day, we must honor the selfless sacrifice of the Greatest Generation and their contributions to protecting the freedoms we are so blessed to enjoy. One of the most moving experiences I’ve had in Washington is welcoming our Honor Flight World War II veterans from Oklahoma who travel to visit their monument in the Nation’s capital.    As we pay tribute to their courage and sacrifice, we must remember our solemn commitment to provide the care and support that all of our veterans deserve, just as they honored their commitment to defend the United States.
It was a pleasure meeting with Oklahoma students who traveled to Washington with the Future Farmers of America (FFA). FFA’s program educates students on the importance of agriculture while helping youth explore their interests in future career paths.
I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in TIME today on how President Obama has compromised our national security with the trade of five senior Taliban leaders to burnish his legacy: http://time.com/2823641/barack-obama-bowe-bergdahl-legacy/
I'll be joining FOX News with Megan Kelly at 9:30 PM EST to discuss the briefing I received this evening from the Obama Administration regarding the release of the five Taliban detainees.
Last evening the Senate unanimously passed a resolution that Sen. Marco Rubio and I introduced to condemn the death sentence of Ms. Meriam Yahia Ibrahim Ishag, a Sudanese Christian women who is being sentenced to death for peacefully practicing her Christian faith. I have personally asked Secretary of State Kerry to look into the possibilities of granting Ms. Ibrahim and her family, including her newborn and 20-month old child, political asylum in the United States. Take a moment to learn more here: http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/peter-roff/2014/06/02/inhofe-calls-for-obama-to-grant-political-asylum-to-meriam-ibrahim
I was on The Kelly File last night discussing the dangerous release of five Senior Taliban leaders from Guantanamo Bay. You don’t swap out and turn back to the fight people who have killed Americans -- people who are the brainpower of the Taliban -- especially when we still have troops in harms way. I also shared with Megan Kelly that I am working to have an open hearing in the Senate Armed Services Committee on this topic. This is a major national security concern and the American people need to know what is going on.  http://www.foxnews.com/on-air/the-kelly-file/index.html#/v/3602205601001
I'll be joining FOX News' Megan Kelly tonight at 9PM Eastern to discuss Sgt. Bergdahl's release and the President's decision to exchange five senior Taliban leaders held in Gitmo. I'll also be discussing the Obama Administration's climate rule announced today that will regulate existing power plants.
Today the Obama Administration announced a new climate regulation on existing power plants that will cost Americans up to $51 billion in lost economic activity and 224,000 lost jobs per year. While the President touts the regulation's flexibilities, it will ultimately result in cap-and-trade through regulation, one of the largest tax hikes that the American people have rejected for over a decade. The President this weekend stated this rule is about Americans' health. But by EPA’s own admission, greenhouse gases "do not cause direct adverse health effects such as respiratory or toxic effects," rendering their claims that this rule is about pollution reduction nil and void.  This rule is all about pushing a green agenda that has been dreamed up by the environmentalist community for decades.  USA Today ran my op-ed this weekend discussing the new regulation. I hope you will take a moment to read it here: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2014/05/31/jim-inhofe-climate-change/9732121/
Like many Oklahomans, I was glad to hear today that Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will be returning home after five years in terrorist captivity. Bergdahl deserves a hero's welcome, and it is important the nation continues to keep him and his family in our prayers as he begins the road to recovery.   I am concerned though for how President Obama chose to secure his freedom by negotiating with terrorists and releasing five senior Taliban leaders from detention in Guantanamo. I issued a joint statement with HASC Chairman Buck McKeon that I hope you will take a moment to read: http://armedservices.house.gov/index.cfm/press-releases?ContentRecord_id=5376A321-8AAB-427E-A146-160470F8FC2E&ContentType_id=E0C7B822-826F-493D-8CEF-1E21AA53E12A&Group_id=12580721-af41-4987-849c-c25b730d096d 
Eric Shinseki has honorably served our country through his service in two wars and through a variety of command positions in the U.S. Army. While he understands first hand what it means to be a veteran, I hope that his resignation gives the opportunity for new leadership in the Department of Veterans Affairs to quickly and effectively enact overdue reforms in the VA. This will also require Congress to do its job of providing oversight and the President to step up and lead as our Commander-in-Chief. This is about more than just fraudulent waiting lists. When America sends our men and women to war, we vow to care for them when they return. Instead, over the past several years, they have endured waiting lists just to gain access to what often turns out to be poor quality of care. With over 2 million Americans having served in Iraq and Afghanistan, the VA will be faced with a new influx of patients in the coming years, and it must to be ready to meet their health needs.
#TBT to June 2012, one of the many opportunities I have had to welcome Oklahoma’s World War II veterans to their memorial in the heart of Washington, D.C. Please take a moment to learn more about Oklahoma Honor Flights and how you can help our heroes visit the national memorials that have been built in their honor.
President Obama addressed the graduating cadets at West Point yesterday, and said that "America must always lead" and called the military the "backbone" of that leadership. Unfortunately, the president's rhetoric doesn't match his actions. Since he took office, President Obama has put into motion $1 trillion dollars in budget cuts to our national security, while increasing domestic spending by 30 percent. Because he is decimating our military, our enemies don't fear us and our allies no longer trust us. We see this with Russia's recent aggression in Eastern Europe and with Al-Qaeda holding its largest public meeting in years in Yemen last month. As the Washington Post summarized the president's foreign policy speech, our allies and our enemies will be more impressed by "a change in U.S. behavior, not the president's rhetoric." http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/president-obama-in-his-west-point-speech-binds-americas-hands-on-foreign-affairs/2014/05/28/f3db48fe-e66d-11e3-a86b-362fd5443d19_story.html
On Monday, the President will announce a cornerstone regulation in his climate change agenda that will encourage states to use cap-and-trade systems to reduce carbon emissions for current power plants. I have been warning for some time now that the President's aggressive climate change agenda is hurting job creation and will make our electricity grid less affordable and less reliable. Today the U.S. Chamber of Commerce released a report that shows the President's desire to regulate CO2 emissions will result in 224,000 jobs lost each year and an increase in electricity costs by $289 billion. https://www.uschamber.com/blog/double-whammy-epa-carbon-regulations-will-mean-higher-electricity-costs-fewer-jobs
I am concerned that the President’s plan to drawdown troops in Afghanistan after 2014 is based on an arbitrary timeline – repeating his past mistake of ignoring conditions on the ground. We cannot afford to have a repeat of Iraq, where President Obama's short-sighted foreign policy and quick withdrawal of troops has resulted in a rapidly deteriorating security situation. Iraq is now a safe haven for international terrorists and the democratic gains made possible by our military are at risk. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-presidents-troop-reduction-in-afghanistan
Today we remember America's fallen heroes who undertook the ultimate sacrifice for the greater good of our nation. We also pray for the families whose loved ones never came home from the battlefield. In Oklahoma, we have lost 130 brave sons and daughters while serving in Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom, countless more in Vietnam, Korea, and throughout the course of both World Wars. These selfless servicemembers gave up personal aspirations to protect and preserve our nation's value of freedom.   Oklahomans share a deep regard for the honor and courage that comes with military service. It can be witnessed everyday throughout our communities and in the neighborhoods that surround our military installations. As we gather in these communities today, let us pay tribute to those who gave their tomorrows to ensure our today.
Yesterday, the Senate Armed Services Committee completed markup and passed the FY'15 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) by a committee vote of 25-1. I am proud that our bill stays within budget caps while funding our military readiness. Oklahoma and all of our military came out ahead with a provision that prevents a Base Realignment and Closure next year. I was also able to ensure funding for all 7 AWACS that the President's defense budget divested, despite these aircrafts being essential for detecting enemy aircraft. From improving mental health support for our military members to preserving commissaries, there are many noteworthy provisions for our state's military communities that you can read about here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/ranking-member-inhofe-completes-second-successful-markup-of-ndaa
Yesterday the Senate came together with strong bipartisan support and passed the WRRDA bill, which will now send this legislation to the President's desk to be signed into law. This bill cuts red tape and addresses critical safety requirements and regulatory reforms that will benefit our nation's economy and Oklahoma for decades into the future. As a conferee member, I was able to ensure provisions that will maintain Oklahoma's inland waterways as viable means of transportation and help to meet the water requirements for our rural communities. To learn more about how WRRDA will benefit Oklahoma, please read here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-congressional-passage-of-water-resource-reform-and-development-act
It is hard to imagine that we still live in a world where a government has detained a pregnant woman and sentenced her to death solely for peacefully practicing her personal faith. I’ve joined Senator Marco Rubio in urging the government of Sudan to release Meriam and her child immediately and for the United States to help with any means possible to ensure her safety. We are a nation founded on the value that freedom of religion is the foundation to all freedoms, and therefore we have a duty to encourage others to recognize this basic human right. Kay and I have Meriam and her family in our prayers, and I will continue to work to do everything in my power to help secure her safe release. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-for-release-of-sudanese_woman-imprisoned-for-her-christian-faith
John Austin was able to add Air Force Pilot to his resume at just 2 years old when he attended the Pilot for a Day program at Altus Air Force Base (AFB). John isn't just any young man, he is a special fighter. John battled and survived infant leukemia, seven surgeries, chemotherapy, respiratory failure and blood transfusions. I hope you enjoy this heart warming story of a child's victory over cancer and the strong community support at Altus AFB:   http://www.af.mil/News/ArticleDisplay/tabid/223/Article/484898/cancer-survivor-becomes-pilot-for-a-day.aspx 
The Daily Oklahoman published an inspiring piece that follows a handful of individuals and families as they rebuild and continue to heal one year after being impacted by the tornadoes that hit Moore, Okla. #OklahomaStrong http://newsok.com/may-2013s-deadly-storms-faces-of-the-storm/article/4829333
National Journal Magazine this month focuses on the Senate Armed Services Committee and national defense policy, and includes biographical features on three of my top committee staffers and an article on my goals as Ranking Member. I hope you will take a moment to read the pieces:  http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/ranking-member-james-inhofe-20140515  http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/majority-and-minority-committee-staff-members-20140515
On May 20, 2013, the nation witnessed the Oklahoma Standard in action – neighbors helping neighbors rise from the rubble; strangers giving countless resources to help others recover and rebuild; Oklahomans praying without ceasing for those who lost loved ones. A year after the devastating storms, Oklahoma has persevered. Please join me today in thanking our emergency response teams and volunteers who have helped Oklahoma move forward and heal. Let us also remember in our prayers and thoughts today those who lost loved ones in the storms. Together we are #OklahomaStrong.
President Obama likes to champion access to quality health care when it comes to his signature legislation, ObamaCare, but he has failed to adequately address the rampant problems in the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) charged with providing health care for our nation's heroes. Today I  joined calls for an independent investigation into the VA delaying vital medical services and recently cosponsored legislation to ensure we get to the bottom of the allegations of fraud: 1.usa.gov/Sbk82v 
Last week, I voted for the Senate to start debate on an important bipartisan bill labeled as the "tax extenders" legislation. This bill would have extended 50 tax incentives that expired in 2013, but Majority Leader Harry Reid killed the bill by refusing to allow any amendments to the measure, including my amendment for marginal wells. The Tulsa World's editorial board wrote a piece on how these measures would have created jobs and helped Oklahoma's economy, and said it was time for Reid to "stop playing politics and using our economic future as the stakes." I couldn't agree more.   http://www.tulsaworld.com/opinion/editorials/tulsa-world-editorial-five-important-provisions-to-oklahoma-s-economic/article_d16b265d-7666-5a4b-b0e5-0364b1355fdd.html   
Our nation’s electricity reliability and affordability is under attack from the Obama Administration's misguided regulations. During an EPW hearing on Wednesday, Marvin Fertel, president and chief executive officer of the Nuclear Energy Institute, shared my concerns of future brownouts and blackouts as a result of EPA regulations that are "shutting down the backbone of our electricity system." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntwNieLi57w&feature=youtu.be
Today we thank those who serve in harms way and make the ultimate sacrifice for our freedoms. These men and women in uniform deserve our thanks not just today but every day for their dedication and service to our nation.
Today we reported out of conference the Water Resources Reform and Development Act, which expands local control and input in important water infrastructure projects across our state. The critical improvements we have accomplished with this bill will not only make important safety improvements and reduce federal red tape, but will help maintain the economic momentum that is reviving so many Oklahoma communities. Together, Rep. Markwayne Mullin and I fought for programs and projects that will address the water resource and infrastructure problems our state has been facing. I look forward to final passage of the bill in the Senate and House of Representatives in the coming weeks. For more information about the bill or to see exactly how this bill helps the state of Oklahoma, click here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-mullin-statements-on-water-resource-reform-and-development-act-report
Today the EPW committee voted out of committee the MAP-21 Reauthorization Act (S.2322) that provides necessary long-term solutions to our nation’s transportation and infrastructure system. I was able to secure amendments in the bill, one of which that will continue to support transportation research and education and the other that will provide Natural Gas Vehicles access to HOV lanes. Please take a moment to read more here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-progress-on-map-21-reauthorization-act
The Oklahoman has a must-read editorial about how President Obama's #climatechange regulations are forcing our cheap energy resources to be sold off to Europe, Canada, and others. The President's policies aren't addressing so-called man-made climate change but instead are making electricity more expensive and less reliable for Americans. The paper's editorial board says it best:  "What happens when excessive, too-rapid regulation of an out-of-favor commodity blows in like a cold front in January? It brushes aside common sense. Coal producers are finding alternative markets for their commodity. American consumers will pay more for power — a lot more — as a result." http://newsok.com/new-markets-for-coal-mean-higher-prices-for-u.s.-consumers/article/4748017’ 
I took a brief moment today to visit one of my staffers, Sara, and her new baby boy. Sawyer was born yesterday at 7 lbs 13 oz, and his two older brothers are eager to bring him home.
The Water Resources Development Act will help Oklahoma's rural communities meet their water requirements, expand our state’s inland waterways, force transparency in Corps of Engineers and streamline their permitting process. I was proud to have improved the bill during markup in the EPW committee, during floor consideration in the Senate and as an appointed member to the bicameral conference committee. Yesterday I signed the conference report securing in the bill major improvements to Oklahoma’s water resources and infrastructure. With it being National Transportation Week, it is an ideal time for Congress to vote and pass this important piece of legislation.
Moms- Thank you for your grace, your patience, and your unfailing love. You are truly an inspiration to your children. Even if your kids are grown and have a family of their own, you will always be their source of comfort during their struggles and of pride during their successes.   A single day of appreciation will never repay the love and attention you give to your family, but know that not a day goes by that we do not think of you. You have given us life and to that we can credit all of humanity. Today we acknowledge and honor you; but every day we give thanks for you. Happy Mother's Day!
Joseph Kony and his LRA terrorist group continue to wreak havoc throughout Africa by kidnapping the nation's youth and forcing them kill their friends and family. We are getting closer to catching this monster and with the help of the administration and dedicated members in congress, we will soon bring Kony to justice: http://media.thehill.com/services/player/bcpid2764968420001?bctid=3544560204001&bckey=AQ~~,AAAAAEA-5AE~,7pYsU79IKz2CXW_BSQItHbG6JoyZCfQ5
Military spouses and families sacrifice as their loved ones volunteer to meet our national security needs. Please take a moment today to show your appreciation to the men and women who support our service members: http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/headlines/2014/05/give-thanks-on-military-spouse-appreciation-day/
I am proud that the Senate united behind our resolution to demand the immediate, safe return of the Nigerian school girls and to oppose these human-rights violations. I remain confident that we can continue to be united in our commitment to bring these girls home and the many more that are trafficked around the world. Human life is invaluable and must be protected. #BringBackOurGirls http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/senate-passes-bipartisan-resolution-condemning-abduction-of-nigerian-school-girls 
Congress must pass a long-term surface transportation bill; while Secretary Foxx's proposal is not perfect, it launches a necessary discussion between the Obama administration and Congress on the need to find a long-term, bipartisan solution to address the growing infrastructure crisis in our country. http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/capitol_report/dc-report-inhofe-on-board/article_ed6568b9-9c21-56de-b83c-d15625df66d7.html   
Yesterday, Congressman Markwayne Mullin  and I sent a letter to the VA Sec. Eric Shinseki requesting a meeting to discuss why the VA reversed its decision to build a Community-Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) in Idabel, Okla. The VA department once stated the clinic would “greatly improve access to care in this area, serve more Veterans, and improve patient satisfaction.” Since then, the VA has reversed its decision to establish the clinic and Oklahoma veterans deserve an answer as to why.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-mullin-push-va-on-idabel-outpatient-clinic
If the President’s climate assessment is more than just fundraising, electioneering and social engineering, then I strongly urge the President to first start convincing the American people of his #ActOnClimate convictions by enforcing transparency and accountability within his Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). This starts with ending the political gimmickry of the systematic delaying of regulations, which is leaving Americans blinded to their devastating effects until after critical elections.  We saw the Obama Administration intentionally delay EPA regulations until after the 2012 presidential elections, and we are seeing it again today with the decision to withhold the new power plant rule an unprecedented 66-extra days so that it doesn't have to be finalized until well after the 2014 elections.  Another step the President can take is to force the EPA to abide by the Clean Air Act law that requires the agency to report the whole economic impact for each of its rules, a requirement the agency has yet to fulfill since written by Congress as an accountability mechanism more than 30 years ago. The EPA instead distorts the impact of regulations, disregards the costs, and fails to give the full picture of how these rules are making domestic energy less affordable and less reliable. Consider D.C. Circuit Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s dissent on the mercury and air toxins (MATS) rule in April. He said that the ‘problem here is that EPA did not even consider the costs,’ highlighting that the costs are ‘huge, about $9.6 billion a year – that’s billion with a b – by EPA’s own calculation.’ We can all agree that natural variations in the climate are taking place, but man-made global warming still remains a theory. The President’s climate change policies will only cause a greater disparity in our nation’s income gap and prevent our nation from achieving its full economic potential.
Last week I signed onto a bipartisan resolution with five of my colleagues that insists Nigeria hold Boko Haram accountable for their violent, extremist actions and strengthen their efforts to protect their children’s ability to obtain an education. I deplore the abduction of the 234 young female students from the Government Girls Secondary School in northeastern Nigeria, and am committed to working with my colleagues to end discrimination and violence against women in Nigeria and around the world. #BringBackOurGirls
 The Supreme Court's ruling today protects our invaluable public square that was established because of our Founding Fathers' faith convictions. The separation of church and state was not intended to empower government censorship of individuals' religious expressions, but to protect the religious institution from government coercion. Religious liberty is the foundation for all freedoms; and we must continue to preserve this historic American value that has made our nation a city on a hill and a place of refuge for millions around the world. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/supreme-court-upholds-prayer-public-meetings-n97221 
The droughts in Oklahoma are creating desperate situations for farmers and ranchers. I met with the Stephens County rural water districts Friday to discuss what options exist if the current drought conditions persist. I believe a viable solution to less rain would be recycling the unused irrigation water in Waurika Lake, as introduced in the Water Resource Development Act bill, and provide states with grant money to construct water infrastructure projects.  http://www.duncanbanner.com/x1535589624/Inhofe-discusses-water-concerns-with-Stephens-County-rural-districts 
Today I stopped in Okeene to visit with folks during the Rattlesnake Roundup, Oklahoma's oldest rattlesnake hunt.
Obama's top national security advisers knew this was a terrorist attack within hours. This e-mail is a smoking gun that the White House was more concerned with reelection than the 4 American heroes that died.
Secretary of State John Kerry's egregious comments that Israel is at risk of becoming an "apartheid state" is wrong on the facts because Arabs in Israel have the same rights as other Israeli citizens; they vote, hold 10 percent of the seats in the Israeli Knesset and serve in the military. For Kerry to associate Israel with  apartheid is pretty outrageous, but no surprise. I was of three to vote against Sec. Kerry when he was nominated because he is consistently on the wrong side of foreign policy, which I talked about with FOX & Friends this morning: bit.ly/1lzykNz
Today marks the 225th Anniversary of George Washington's first inaugural address. In honor of this historic speech, here are a few words from our Founding Father's speech: “No People can be bound to acknowledge and adore the invisible hand, which conducts the Affairs of men more than the People of the United States. Every step, by which they have advanced to the character of an independent nation, seems to have been distinguished by some token of providential agency.”
EPA is once again delaying a harmful climate change regulation until after critical elections. POLITICO has the story of my ongoing investigation of the EPA misinforming Congress on why there was a 66 delay in publishing a regulation that will have a significant impact on the affordability and reliability of electricity: http://www.politico.com/story/2014/04/epa-climate-rule-delay-documents-106141.html
Oklahomans can attest that developing natural gas isn't “complicated" or “difficult." The natural gas boom in America is delivering a cheap, domestic energy source for our homes and businesses.  http://washingtonexaminer.com/new-england-democrats-seek-more-natural-gas/article/2547657 
My thoughts and prayers are with those in Oklahoma, Arkansas, and across the Midwest who experienced devastating loss due to the storms yesterday. I applaud the volunteer work of Eastern Oklahoma American Red Cross and American Red Cross of Central and Western Oklahoma who quickly came to the aid of those impacted by the tornadoes. For resources and necessary pre-cautions to take in the event of severe weather, please visit my website: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
Yesterday, my colleagues and I sent a letter to President Obama that stressed our concern over the new immigration“enforcement review” he ordered. The President's requested changes would limit deportations of individuals that are in the United States illegally and would essentially abandon basic immigration enforcement. Please read the letter and my full statement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-the-administration-is-allowing-preventable-crimes-harming-innocent-people-to-take-place-everyday
The liberal press found it laughable when I first started saying a few months ago that I look wistfully on the days of the Cold War when there were two superpowers and the threats to national security could be anticipated. Funny that now Sec. John Kerry seems to agree. He said Tuesday that 'it was easier' during the Cold War than it is today. President Obama’s lack of leadership, misguided foreign policy, and desire to seek peace through appeasement rather than strength, have diminished America’s role in the world and destabilized our national security. http://freebeacon.com/national-security/kerry-it-was-easier-during-the-cold-war-than-today/
Just a few days ago, I visited Pryor where I was able to attend a breakfast with more than 50 small business leaders from around Oklahoma. I heard about how the Pryor area has seen significant growth in recent years, yet the federal government's over-regulation of small businesses is prohibiting these leaders from achieving their full potential. Oklahomans take pride in hard work and our state’s entrepreneurial spirit. I remain dedicated to furthering the growth and prosperity of our state and will continue to fight against unnecessary red tape that impact the Oklahoma way of life.
The Bureau of Land Management wrongfully picked a fight with Cliven Bundy when it began to roundup and forcefully remove his herd of cattle.  Cliven Bundy and his supporters have even been called "domestic terrorists." The BLM showed up with tasers drawn and German Shepherds ready to attack when instead the BLM could have simply pursued any claim against Cliven Bundy in a much more conventional and responsible way.  The BLM and Obama picked this fight and now have the obligation to diffuse this showdown as safely and quickly as possible.
In a purely political stunt, President Obama has found another way to dodge approval of the northern portion of the Keystone XL pipeline. Instead President Obama will wait until after the November elections to make a final decision. This time President Obama is scapegoating the delay on a Nebraska court decision that the administration previously said would not influence Keystone’s approval in an attempt to appease environmentalists like billionaire Tom Steyer. http://oklahoman.com/administration-finds-another-way-to-keep-xl-pipeline-on-ice/article/4228363
Every year many Americans face unexpected financial obstacles and personal loss from natural disasters. Last Year Oklahomans faced great devastation after tornadoes touched down in Moore. It is critical that Americans are prepared for unexpected disasters which is why I have introduced the Disaster Savings Accounts (DSA) Act of 2014. Similair to Health Savings Accounts (HSA), DSAs would provide consumers the opportunity to save $5,000 per year in a tax-preferred savings account that can be used for disaster recovery and mitigation efforts. Additionally, DSAs will better prepare Americans for future disasters which will save lives, property, and taxpayer dollars. http://www.rollcall.com/news/flood_insurance_vote_underscores_need_for_national_mitigation_strategy-232238-1.html
"He is not here, for He has risen, as He said." Matthew 28:6a
The modernization of the I-44 corridor in Tulsa and the improvements to the surrounding roads and bridges have been challenging but will dramatically improve crosstown transportation in Tulsa. I-44 supports the nation’s economy and is critical to the shipment of goods throughout Oklahoma and across our nation. Additionally, the improvements will help eliminate traffic congestion and improve the safety of one of the state’s most dangerous stretches of highway. Please take a moment to read more here: http://www.fox23.com/news/local/story/Fallin-Inhofe-help-mark-near-completion-of-I-44/wS76Kak8JU-Qd4-rA-hzuA.cspx
This week I'll be flying around Oklahoma and hope to see many of my constituents while I make stops around the state. Here is a video from yesterday in Okmulgee by Okmulgee News Network: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__OKXacPJGM  http://www.okmulgeenews.net/local-news/item/1369-u-s-senator-james-inhofe-visits-okmulgee-tuesday
It was good to see the Altus Chamber of Commerce during their trip to Washington this week. We talked about the Water Resource Development Act (WRDA) and the benefits it would have for Oklahoma’s resources.
Yesterday morning, I had the opportunity to speak with the Tulsa Chamber of Commerce during their annual visit to Washington, D.C.  I shared with them my priorities in the 113th Congress and took questions from the audience about issues important to Tulsa and the State of Oklahoma. We also discussed how EPA regulations are entangling our small businesses, farmers, manufacturers, and energy industry, and my plans to put the breaks on the agency's unchecked regulatory agenda.
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be joining Mark Levin live tonight at 8:30PM Eastern. If you are in Oklahoma, you can tune in on KFAQ and KTOK.
For quite some time now, Reid and the Democratic majority have been filing amendments in a fashion called “filling the tree." They have used this strategy on every major bill in order to silence the Republican minority’s voice in the legislative process. How? When Senate Democrats bring a bill to the floor, they fill up all 11 amendment slots, thus blocking Republicans from offering any changes to the legislation. Sarah Mimms of the National Journal has a story today on it here:  http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/a-tree-grows-in-dirksen-how-democrats-are-keeping-republicans-out-of-the-amendment-process-20140407
As a result of the honorable and sustained commitment of our men and women in uniform, Afghans were able to hold an election day marked by less violence and an impressive turnout of 7 million citizens. This is proof that Afghans desire a democratic future under elected government and not one ruled by terrorists.  All three of the leading presidential candidates have agreed to sign the bilateral security agreement with the United States, and it it is in our best interest to help ensure the next leader has a smooth transition into office. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2014/04/05/afghanistan-elections/7343425/ 
Our military is stretched thin, and putting boots on the ground is not the right response currently for Russia's arrogance. At the same time, the West should not allow Putin to just walk into sovereign nations, plant his flag, and takeover territory. First it was Crimea, and next could be Maldova and then further into Georgia. At some point Putin has to be told the buck stops here, which is why yesterday I introduced a resolution that sends a message to Russia exemplifying that United States' interests are to preserve democracy and that we will support Europe's efforts to stop further Russian aggression. http://freebeacon.com/national-security/senators-russia-eyeing-land-grabs-in-moldova-georgia/ 
My thoughts and prayers are with the Army community and the men and women at Ft. Hood.  Our men and women in uniform who risk their lives overseas in defense of our nation should never have to face such senseless violence here at home.
This week, I announced my plans to file a Congressional Review Act (CRA) report on all upcoming major EPA regulations, which will force Majority Leader Harry Reid to permit votes in the Senate as to whether the regulations can be implemented.  Powerline Blog wrote a great piece on the power of filing a CRA report and how it can bring to light the economic destruction of overregulation. http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2014/04/can-the-congressional-review-act-bring-the-obama-administration-to-its-knees.php
Our nation’s veterans are among the most responsible and loyal applicants in today’s job market, yet their unemployment rate is at 9% and continues to remain above the nation’s average. I joined @Senator Roy Blunt in introducing the Hire More Heroes Act of 2014, a bill that would encourage companies to hire more American veterans, while providing relief from the burdensome #ObamaCare employer mandate. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-senators-introduce-hire-more-heroes-act 
This week, the Senate is once again debating legislation to extend long-term unemployment insurance (UI) for the 12th time since the temporary federal benefit was created in 2008. After President Obama's failed $831 billion stimulus, what the Senate should be considering is true job-creation legislation. This is why I filled a package of amendments this week to the UI bill that includes 9 initiatives that would help create job opportunities across the nation.  It’s far past time to debate it; let’s get Americans back to work. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-jobs-package-to-senate-unemployment-extension-bill   
Did you know that Woodward and Weatherford, Oklahoma are among the top 10 fastest-growing small towns in the U.S.? These two towns serve as a reminder that investing in our nation's energy resources will lead to much-needed economic growth and job opportunities.  http://newsok.com/two-western-oklahoma-towns-are-among-fastest-growing-in-u.s./article/3947284 
Congratulations to Katie Francis, of Oklahoma City, who has broken the record of selling the most Girl Scout Cookies; 18,010 boxes to be exact. Her three ingredients to selling cookies: time, commitment, and asking everyone she sees. Sounds like a recipe for a future successful businesswoman: http://newsok.com/oklahoma-city-girl-scout-breaks-national-cookie-sales-record/article/3946600
POLITICO gave ObamaCare an "A-" grade for enrollment efforts, but let us not forget that the "high" enrollment numbers are because between 40 – 67% of the health plans in the individual market are estimated to be cancelled as a result of ObamaCare. In addition, it has been estimated that between 39 -69 percent of employer group plans will be lost, along with up to 80 percent of small business plans. http://www.politico.com/story/2014/03/obamacare-affordable-care-act-report-card-105121.html
Yesterday, I welcomed Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett before the Environment and Public Works Committee for a hearing to examine MAP-21 surface transportation reauthorization. Mayor Cornett was able to share how recent transportation improvements in the OKC Metro have contributed to the enormous growth the city and state are experiencing.
I always enjoy visiting with the folks from Elk City where we discussed over regulations of our domestic energy resources. I also received questions about the situation in Ukraine, and shared how America's leadership vacuum is now being filled by Russia. I warned this day was coming and for this reason I believe the U.S. must maintain a capable military that is fully funded and ready.
I had the honor of speaking to the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber during their visit to Washington this week. Oklahoma City is experiencing remarkable growth thanks to groups like the Chamber who are working with local businesses, community leaders and government officials to expand opportunities in our state.
My greatest concern in the Obama Administration's decision to list Western Oklahoma's lesser prairie chicken as threatened is that it is easier to list a species than it is to delist it. Oklahoma, industry participants, and others made extraordinary efforts over the past couple years to protect the bird in order to keep it from a listing. I will be fighting to reverse this purely political decision by the Administration and will work alongside local efforts to get the bird delisted: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-calls-listing-of-lesser-prairie-chicken-purely-political
Today the Senate took a critical first step towards providing necessary support to Ukraine and sending a signal condemning Russia. Conservatives also gained a victory today when language in the original package was removed that would have both unnecessarily increased US contributions to the International Monetary Fund and increased risk to our men and women in uniform by cutting $157 million from the Department of Defense to pay for non-defense costs. As we continue to stand with Ukraine, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to come together in the same bipartisan spirit to expedite our U.S. natural gas exports to the region. This will help provide long-term stability to Ukraine and Eastern Europe by reducing dependence upon Russian energy. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-senate-passage-of-ukraine-aid-bill
#TBT
The EPA does not know the full cost of its existing regulations, yet it continues to create and implement new ones to the determent of job creation and economic opportunity in the U.S. This is why I introduced the EPA Employment Impact Analysis Act to enforce accountability and transparency in the EPA for the sake of our nation’s future prosperity and energy security. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-bill-to-enforce-epa-to-report-job-losses-caused-by-rules
If you restrict those of faith from applying their conscience to the world around them, then you quench the progress of freedom. It is David Green's faith practiced in his day-to-day business decisions that led him and his family to build a successful, nationwide company. It is the same conscience that compelled Green to guarantee his employees a day off during the week so that it could be spent in their religious communities and with their families. It was also this same belief that compelled Green to care for the wellbeing of Hobby Lobby's employees, providing hourly wages far above the national average and providing them health benefits before the federal government mandated it. Do we really want to tell people like David Green he no longer has the freedom to apply his faith convictions to how he operates a private business? Today I spoke on the Senate floor regarding my support for Hobby Lobby, which can be viewed here: http://youtu.be/I6SEgk1fRfg
8 things to know about the search for Ugandan rebel leader Joseph Kony by Katie Leone at KJRH-TV: http://www.kjrh.com/news/world/8-things-to-know-about-the-search-for-ugandan-rebel-leader-joseph-kony
Today as the Supreme Court hears the case of Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., let us remember the words of President George Washington, "We are contending for our own liberty, we should be very cautious of violating the rights of conscience in others, ever considering that God alone is the judge of the hearts of men and to Him only in this case they are answerable."
Joseph Kony’s reign of terror across Africa has gone on far too long, and we cannot go on another year without bringing him and the LRA to justice. On my most recent trip to Uganda in January, I spoke with one of Kony’s wives and her daughter. She made a daring escape earlier last year with her children, and she has become a voice for the many more women and children yearning to be freed from the LRA. I am glad to see the President respond this weekend to my requests as well as the requests of many Americans to support those in Africa working to stop Kony and eradicate the LRA. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-the-deployment-of-us-special-ops-military-aircraft-to-uganda
We're step closer to catching Joseph Kony and bringing an end to the Lord's Resistance Army  http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/2014/03/23/aa468ca6-b2d0-11e3-8020-b2d790b3c9e1_story.html 
It was two years ago today that President Obama made a bold decision to visit Oklahoma where he promised that his administration would ‘cut through the red tape’ to advance domestic oil production. The southern leg of the Keystone pipeline may be built, but it didn’t require the approval of the President. The pipeline that begins in Cushing, Okla., is the result of thousands of hardworking Americans and roughly 50 innovative U.S. manufacturers and companies. Red tape still exists because the President continues to stall approval on Keystone's final leg, despite even his own Administration saying that the pipeline will have little impact on climate change.
This morning I took a tour of APAC's rock quarry in Tulsa and met with employees who showed how this business helps support Oklahoma's transportation and infrastructure industry.
It was an honor to meet with Folds of Honor in Owasso today to hear about the assistance and scholarships they provide to spouses and children of military members killed in action or disabled in service to our country.
At today’s SASC hearing, Gen. Kelly and I talked about how his military command lacks resources to stop roughly 75 percent of cocaine trafficking headed to the United States. Gen. Kelly said, "I watch them go by," when I asked him about his command's mission to interdict vessels illegally transporting drugs. Gen. Kelly explained this is because he lacks resources and that another year of defense cuts will zero out his assets: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant/icymi-gen-kelly-tells-inhofe-that-military-lacks_resources-to-stop-75-of-drug-trafficking-into-us-
In case you missed FOX & Friends this morning, I played a round of  "Cut This, Not That" to show the President’s misguided prioritization of climate change over national security: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XOvTlLWgVE&feature=youtu.be
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be on FOX & friends at 7:50AM Central to discuss national security spending and the President's priorities.
Just recently, an Oklahoma family had a tragic experience as a result of ObamaCare. Before the implementation of ObamaCare, Mrs. Hubbs’ employer was able to extend healthcare coverage to the spouses of their employees. But shortly after losing his healthcare coverage, Lenny Hubbs was unexpectedly diagnosed with pneumonia. Mr. Hubbs found himself searching for treatment at two different hospitals, even spending 9 days at one while doctors did nothing. Mr. Hubbs did not have health insurance nor qualified for Medicaid. As a result, the family incurred more than $100,000 in medical costs and Lenny Hubbs lost part of his lung.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GE53LsrkFw&feature=youtu.be 
With the passage tonight of the Victims Protection Act, we have concluded the most comprehensive revision to military justice since 1983. Since 2009 alone, Congress has enacted 47 provisions either directly addressing sexual assault within the military or instituting reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) to improve how these cases are managed. These important reforms, along with today’s passage of the Victims Protection Act, will help to ensure justice for victims, improve the environment where men and women can serve together, and sustain the fabric of our Armed Forces, the chain of command. As these measures are being implemented, the Senate Armed Services Committee will closely monitor the performance of the Department of Defense and our military leaders. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-supports-victims-protection-act-of-2014
Three ways the United States can help in Ukraine without putting boots on the ground, including natural gas exports to Europe: http://www.tulsaworld.com/news/government/sen-jim-inhofe-says-u-s-could-do-three-things/article_4243a80f-8f50-5af5-a493-d2f6fdf16ed6.html 
On Tuesday, I spoke with Lou Dobbs of FOX Business about Russia's invasion of Ukraine and how Europe is hesitant to respond with sanctions likely due to their dependence on Russia's energy resources. The President should work to replace Russian influence in the region with support from the United States, and he can do this by expediting the approval process for U.S. natural gas exports to our NATO allies and Ukraine. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XiTAyk_Mx4 
At today’s SASC hearing, I reiterated to Defense Sec. Chuck Hagel and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey that the President’s FY'15 defense budget is unacceptable. The President has spent $120 billion on his climate change agenda yet he refuses to fully fund our national security to address looming global threats.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant
STAFF UPDATE: Inhofe will be on FOX News America's Newsroom at 8:28 AM Central today to discuss the latest developments in Ukraine.
President Obama's attempt to seek peace through apologetic diplomacy while defunding and dismantling our military has failed. Today our enemies don't fear us and our allies no longer respect us. It's time for President Obama to come forward and either fully fund our military or reduce expectations for the United States' leadership in the world. http://www.sacbee.com/2014/03/03/6204967/inhofe-putins-action-due-to-president.html
Today I am proud to release my 2012-2013 Accomplishments Report that highlights all that I've been able to get done for Oklahomans while serving you in the Senate. In my leadership roles, I have fought to preserve the founding principles that make this nation great and fought to make Oklahomans' voices heard and represented in Congress. Please take time to read more here: http://bit.ly/1krkD4g
An article in the Washington Post today said the following about President Obama's foreign policy and response to Russia invading Ukraine: "A president who has made clear to the American public that the “tide of war is receding” has also made clear to foreign leaders, including opportunists in Russia, that he has no appetite for a new one. What is left is a vacuum once filled, at least in part, by the possibility of American force."  Do you agree? http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/ukraine-crisis-tests-obamas-foreign-policy-focus-on-diplomacy-over-military-force/2014/03/01/c83ec62c-a157-11e3-9ba6-800d1192d08b_story.html
The United States has been a beacon for democracy in the world, and I urge President Obama to not take a back seat to the U.N. and to step forward with a plan for how the United States can support our friends in Ukraine.  I was just in Georgia shortly before the Olympics, and their government officials told me they fear Russia would further invade them next. This is why the United States must be vigilant. Russia's decision to invade in the midst of Ukraine establishing a new government is a reminder why America must be careful of who we align ourselves with in a world with ever increasing dangers. We must respond urgently and wisely with a plan of support, thereby reminding Russia that an attack on freedom and democracy will not be tolerated.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/02/28/world/europe/ukraine-politics/
Oklahomans have led the way in the use of Natural Gas Vehicles (NGV), which is why  I introduced a bipartisan bill to help the rest of the nation tap into the benefits of using natural gas as a clean, alternative fuel source for transportation. My bill, the Alternative Fuel Vehicle Development Act, will create an incentive for automakers to bring NGVs to the market more quickly. I hope you will take a moment to read my Op-Ed with Sen. Carl Levin in the Wall Street Journal today about this legislation: http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304610404579401571695087990
I am pleased to have received a 94 percent score for the Club For Growth conservative ratings for 2013, a ranking in the top 10 most conservative in the Senate. I could not be more proud to represent the people of Oklahoma and their values in the U.S. Senate. http://www.clubforgrowth.org/projects/scorecard/?year=2013&chamber=1&state=Any&party=Any&memberName=&order=rank
STAFF UPDATE: Senator Inhofe will be joining KFAQ's Pat Campbell at 7:35AM Central to discuss Sec. Hagel's announced cuts to our military and what this means for Oklahoma.
STAFF UPDATE: Senator Inhofe will be on shortly with Bill Bennett's Morning in America to discuss the Obama Administration's cuts to our national defense. Tune in at WRC-AM in Washington DC or online.
Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko was convicted and imprisoned unjustly over two years ago, and I applauded the Ukraine Parliament on their overwhelming vote to decriminalize the charges against her yesterday. News now of her release is welcomed and long overdue, and will hopefully lead to further democratic progress in Ukraine. Yanukovich's departure would help ensure that all the hallmarks of a healthy democracy may be embraced like the right to assemble for peaceful protests and the freedom of speech. Ukrainians demand democracy and hopefully now democratic ideals like judicial transparency will flourish and political persecutions will be at an end. http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/02/22/ukrainian-ex-premier-tymoshenko-freed/
It amazes me how quiet the environmentalists have been with the White House allowing Iran’s oil sales to grow and flourish, yet they work tirelessly to squelch our energy opportunities in North America and among our allies. Just look at Secretary Kerry’s statement on their behalf this weekend that climate change is the new ‘weapon of mass destruction’. All the while, the United States is loosening sanctions on Iran while Iran maintains their resources to develop and launch a nuclear weapon — the real weapon of mass destruction — that could hit the East Coast by next year. http://dailycaller.com/2014/02/18/bedford-why-do-environmentalists-prefer-iran-to-canada/ 
If you talk to Oklahoma's farmers and ranches, and ask them what their greatest obstacles currently are, they will tell you it’s the overregulation by the EPA.  Congress has defeated costly CO2 legislation for 12 years, but now the President is bypassing Congress and doing through regulations what he can't get done through legislation. I appreciate the time Alva constituents gave me on Friday to speak with them and hear about their concerns.  http://www.alvareviewcourier.com/news/local/article_a1aeb6e0-9921-11e3-ab4f-0017a43b2370.html 
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to visit the new site for BAE Systems in Elgin, Oklahoma. The new equipment that will be built here by Oklahomans will help to modernize our military's weaponry. KSWO7News also joined me for a tour of the facility, which can be watched here: http://www.kswo.com/story/24759547/inhofe-surveys-recent-bae-expansion-in-elgin
It’s hard to believe the President is going to ask for a new $1 billion climate fund from Congress when he’s already prioritized a substantial portion of the normal government budget around climate change initiatives.  According to the Congressional Research Service, the President has spent $120 billion on climate related activities since 2009.  If the President couldn't get cap-and-trade through, then there is no chance Congress is going to approve this latest request. He knows this.   The President's alarmist base has been upset lately with pro-energy reports coming out of his Administration, such as the State Department's report that approving the Keystone Pipeline will not impact the climate. Simply making this ask of Congress will help the President appease his climate base again and help his Organizing for Action continue to raise funds.  http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-obama-20140215,0,1907094.story#axzz2th2kTwMK
Staff Update: Senator Inhofe spent the morning at Pauls Valley Chamber of Commerce providing a Washington update and taking questions from constituents. Next stop, Elgin, Oklahoma where he will be visiting the site where BAE broke ground in January.
This past January, I took a handful of my colleagues in Congress overseas to the Middle East and Africa. As Ranking Member of Senate Armed Services Committee, the purpose of the trip was to hear firsthand from military commanders, U.S. servicemembers, and U.S. Ambassadors about the United States' involvement in their stationed countries and how it impacts our national security, trade, commerce, and infrastructure. Within 10 days, we visited Germany, Turkey, Georgia, Jordan, UAE, Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Uganda, Rwanda, and Cape Verde.
Yesterday at a Senate Armed Services hearing, I asked Obama's top intelligence advisors if "al-Qaeda is on the path to defeat," a statement President Obama has been promising Americans since his reelection efforts. Both of his advisors disagreed with the President, one even going as far as to say that Al-Qaeda is even "morphing and franchising itself."  Why is this important? It all goes back to Benghazi. Please read more here:   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant/contrary-to-the-president-intel-leaders-say-al-qaeda-is-not-on-the-path-to-defeat
Today I met with the bright young students from Lawton High School before they took a tour of the Capitol building.
Today the Oklahoma Delegation released a statement on the announcement that 1st Lieutenant Michael Behenna was granted parole. These past five years have been challenging and difficult for Michael and his loved ones, and I am glad to learn that Michael will soon be returning home to Oklahoma and be reunited with his family. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/oklahoma-delegation-on-the-parole-of-1st-lt-behenna 
Congressman Markwayne Mullin posted this great quote from a great President. Happy Birthday, President Ronald Reagan. #OklahomaPride
Under the Obama Administration, the labor participation rate has remained at a 35 year low. This is an unacceptable statistic that I will not allow to become the new standard and why we must continue to debate the Unemployment Insurance Extension bill until amendments are considered that actually help Americans become employed. This is why I voted today to not end debate on the UI bill today. I have put forward amendments that would help us see the full potential of our economy by enforcing promised transparency and getting big government out of the way. You can read about those amendments here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-says-no-need-for-federal-hydraulic-fracturing-rule
Honored to be ranked among the Top 5 Most Conservative Senators by National Journal, but even more honored to be serving Oklahomans who sent me to the Senate to represent their conservative values: http://www.nationaljournal.com/pictures-video/the-15-most-conservative-senators-20140206   
The CBO released a report stating that Obamacare will cost the economy 2.5 million jobs over the next 10 years. The report found that the President’s signature healthcare law will hurt the economy by creating disincentives for people to work, cut the labor supply, lower tax collection rates and will cause higher deficits. Surprised?  http://thehill.com/blogs/on-the-money/budget/197365-cbo-o-care-slowing-growth
Every year many Americans face unexpected financial tolls and personal losses from natural disasters, of which Oklahomans experienced some of the harshest last year when tornadoes devastated portions of our state. That is why today I introduced the Disaster Savings Accounts Act of 2014 that would provide Americans the ability to save money using a tax-preferred account to be used for the mitigation of, or recovery from, natural disasters. This account empowers Americans to create their own savings account for revitalization instead of waiting for an unknown period of time for government assistance.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-disaster-savings-accounts-bill 
After discovering that at least 1,800  veteran records have been mishandled or destroyed at the Nation Personnel Records Center (NPRC), I have asked the NPRC Director Scott Levins to answer how this happened and how he plans to prevent it in the future. The NRPC promises on its website to "actively protect" its 100 million veterans' files and the files of all inactive federal personnel. The alleged criminal activity that has unfolded with two NPRC employees is unacceptable, I hope Mr. Levins will be quick to respond to my request.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-requests-answers-to-1800-veterans-records-destroyed-misplaced-by-nprc 
I support Chairman Lucas’ important reforms to commodity programs for the benefit of our farmers and ranchers in Oklahoma and across the nation; however, I simply cannot support the lack of reforms to entitlement programs that Senate Democrats maintained in the farm bill conference report. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-to-vote-no-on-farm-bill-in-senate 
There has been an ongoing problem with the Renewable Fuels Standard, and the EPA’s recent “fix” does not provide a long term solution. In order to protect consumers and industry from ambiguous costs, litigation, regulatory uncertainty, and hazardous fuel, we must repeal the RFS and allow ethanol and other biofuels to compete on a level playing field with all other transportation fuels. http://media.washtimes.com/media/misc/2014/01/21/2014autopreview.pdf
In case you missed it, here is a link to my discussion this morning with KFAQ's Pat Campbell on Benghazi,  the Keystone Pipeline, and my recent trip to Afghanistan:  https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/kfaq-020314
Last night, FOX News' Bill O'Reilly asked President Obama about Benghazi and his administration's storyline that the attacks were the result of outrage over a YouTube video. Obama's response: "We revealed to the American people exactly what we understood at the time." This contradicts with information I learned in the months after the terrorist attack.   Counterterrorism expert and current CIA Director John Brennan told me personally he knew immediately that the annex attack was "unequivocally" a terrorist attack. In a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Benghazi that I requested, then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta also testified that he quickly recognized it was a terrorism attack. AFRICOM Commander Gen. Carter Ham has also testified that he and senior advisors to the President were quick to label it a terrorist attack. Yet, that was not the storyline the Obama Administration gave the American public five days later on the Sunday talk shows. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/197250-sen-inhofe-calls-obamas-benghazi-comments-an-outrageous-lie?utm_medium=twitter&utm_source=twitterfeed 
Tune in at 7:05AM Central today to The Pat Campbell Show where I'll be discussing Keystone, SOTU, and the latest news in Washington.
President Obama and his Administration no longer have a valid reason to stall the final stages of the Keystone pipeline, but they will continue to do so to appease their environmental base that will likely be upset with this report. This is one thing the President can do today with his pen that will create thousands of well-paying jobs and help us take another step towards energy independence. Building the Keystone pipeline is in the best interest of the United States not only economically but also for the sake of our national security. http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424052702304428004579354500301464382
Yesterday the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee held a hearing to discuss nuclear safety and the regulatory impacts the Fukushima accident had on the US nuclear industry. You can read my opening statement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opening-statement-at-epw-full-subcommittee-oversight-hearing-on-nuclear-safety
The President failed to mentioned the Keystone pipeline during the State of the Union address because his environmental base is keeping him anchored to the losing side of the argument. The President continues to sidestep approving the pipeline application at the cost of much-needed economic activity and hundreds of jobs. Please take a moment to read more about his failure to approve the pipeline and its impacts by clicking here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jan/30/okla-reacts-to-no-mention-of-keystone-project/
It was an honor to meet today Charles Woods, father of Navy SEAL Ty Woods who was killed in the terrorist attack on our Benghazi consulate. No father should experience losing one of his own, and Mr. Woods and Americans deserve answers to what happened that day. I am a cosponsor of S.Res.225 that would establish a joint select committee to investigate and report on the Benghazi attack. I thank Jim Bridenstine for bringing Mr. Woods to last night's State of the Union.
Please take a moment to watch part of yesterday’s Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the recent cuts to the military retirements of our brave veterans. To me, this is a moral issue. This is a commitment that we made to compensate the men and women of our armed services for their dedicated and courageous service in defense of the nation. We must keep our promise and restore the military retirement benefits now. http://bit.ly/1excrHC
For my response to the President's State of the Union: http://youtu.be/r0T3T_5ikCw
At tonight’s State of the Union, Oklahoma will be proudly represented by Gary Bird, the Fire Chief for Moore, Oklahoma, who will be seated with the First Lady. Bird has faithfully served Oklahomans as a firefighter since 1981, and led us through a difficult, deadly tornado season this past May. Bird and his fellow first responders are Oklahoma’s true heroes! http://newsok.com/moore-fire-chief-gary-bird-will-watch-state-of-the-union-speech-with-the-first-lady/article/3927940
Just left Afghanistan, visiting our troops who are faithfully serving our country. I look forward to returning and sharing more pictures and details of my trip to the region.
Praying for all students and faculty at OU. Follow The Oklahoma Daily/OUDaily.com for the latest updates and alerts: http://www.oudaily.com/news/campus/alleged-shot-fired-at-gould-hall/article_0f17d37c-838a-11e3-8472-001a4bcf6878.html
I’m proud to witness the strength people obtain by speaking for those who cannot. The annual March for Life is about peacefully standing in the gap for the most vulnerable among us, and I applaud the many who participated today in spite of the inclement weather. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-commends-annual-march-for-life
"I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together." - Martin Luther King, Jr., I Have A Dream speech given on Aug. 28, 1963 http://www.christianpost.com/news/martin-luther-king-jr-i-have-a-dream-speech-full-text-transcript-mlk-jr-day-2014-celebrated-across-america-full-speech-video-112954/
Yesterday I voted against the omnibus spending bill. The bill siphons hundreds of millions of dollars from essential defense accounts to programs that have nothing to do with the national security of the United States, including  programs to further President Obama’s domestic green energy agenda. It’s time Congress remembers its Constitutional responsibility to provide for the nation’s common defense rather than use it as a piggy bank to fuel its out-of-control domestic spending. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opposes-omnibus-appropriations-bill
I was honored to help recruit Tom Coburn in 1993 to run for the House of Representatives. I knew then that he was an intellectual and superb medical doctor. As we worked together, I came to learn he also had the skills that made him arguably the most sought after advisor in the Republican conference. In every policy decision, Tom has sought to be a faithful steward of the taxpayers' money and a dedicated public servant to Oklahoma. He is a true brother in the Lord and my prayers are with him and his family in this time.   http://newsok.com/sen.-tom-coburn-to-resign-early/article/3924682
In the recently passed NDAA, I worked to include language that requires the Pentagon to report the latest developments in their attempts to find Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl who went missing in Afghanistan in 2009. In the spirit of the Army, never leave a fallen comrade.   http://www.cnn.com/2014/01/15/world/asia/us-prisoner-video/
The ruling yesterday by Judge Kern on Oklahoma's constitution regarding traditional marriage is just the beginning of more rulings Americans will see in the coming years where the federal courts overturn states' decisions that conflict with the Obama Administration's liberal values. This is because of Majority Leader Harry Reid's dictatorial move in November when he invoked the 'nuclear option.' His action eliminated the ability of the minority party in the Senate to have a voice and participate in their constitutional duty to advise and consent on Presidential nominations. As a result, the majority party can and is currently forcing judges through the confirmation process and placing them in federal courts across the nation to carry out their political agenda for decades to come. Oklahomans voted by 75 percent to define marriage in their constitution as between a man and a woman, and the state's rights and the will of Oklahoma voters should stand.
This shouldn't be surprising news. I asked former Sec. Panetta in a hearing last February if he new unequivocally in the midst of the Benghazi attack if it was an act of terrorism. His response: "There was no question in my mind that this was a terrorist attack." http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/14/benghazi-transcripts-top-defense-officials-briefed-obama-on-attack-not-video-or/
The Supreme Court Judges heard arguments yesterday on President Obama's decision to appoint high-level positions, such as those to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), while the Senate remained in session. The President acted outside his constitutional authority because he knew his nominees did not have the support of the Senate, and he broke a campaign promise to usher in transparency in the federal government. I signed an amicus brief with more than 40 of my colleagues arguing that by appointing high-level federal officers without the Senate's consent and when it was not in "recess," the President took away the chamber's right to review and reject nominations. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/13/battle-over-presidential-recess-appointments-heads-to-supreme-court/
ICYMI: This past weekend, I appeared on Fox News Sunday and discussed the resurgence of al-Qaeda in Iraq and how the United States can be assisting to defeat the enemy without putting boots on the ground. We also discussed the strong evidence of terrorist connections in the 9/11 Benghazi attack. If you missed it, you can tune in here: http://youtu.be/kMN5htKgTcc
Tune in to FOX News Sunday this morning. I'll be talking in the last segment about President Obama's foreign policy and how he has handled the war in Iraq. Oklahomans can tune in here:   KOKH-TV in Oklahoma City at 9AM Central FOX News Channel at 8AM Central KOKI-TV in Tulsa at 10AM Central FOX News Channel at 1PM Central (replay) FOX News Channel at 5PM Central (replay)
I will always fondly remember the meeting I had with Prime Minister Sharon in May 2002. What was scheduled to be a 15 minute meeting turned into more than an hour as we shared about our mutual love for Africa, where he spent time farming with his father, and for the Torah. He lived according to the passage in Deuteronomy 6:5 instructing us to 'love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.' A lion for Israel, Sharon was courageous in defending his country and always celebrated how far Israel had come instead of being fixated on how much further those around him felt the  country still had yet to go. While we mourn his loss on earth, I believe Sharon today is celebrating being reunited with his beloved wife Lily, enjoying her in everlasting peace.
Another ObamaCare #BrokenPromise: Medicaid expansion under ObamaCare will INCREASE emergency room visits: http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelcannon/2014/01/02/oregon-study-exposes-another-obamacare-falsehood-rather-than-reduce-unnecessary-er-use-medicaid-increases-it/
Yesterday I introduced an amendment to the unemployment insurance extension bill (S.1845) that would prohibit the EPA from finalizing any regulations until it publicly reports how the agency’s existing regulations are impacting the economy and job creation. The EPA is already required to file these reports under the Clean Air Act of 1977, but have failed to do so. This amendment would bring much-needed transparency to the EPA’s reckless regulatory policies and help bring an end to our long-term unemployment crisis.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-introduces-amendment-to-require-epa-to-report-economic-impact-of-regulations
I warned three years ago that by failing to negotiate a continued presence of U.S. forces beyond 2011, President Obama would jeopardize Iraq’s long term stability and also empower Iran. This risk is coming true today and threatens to undo all that our men and women in uniform have fought and died to gain.  The deteriorating situation currently in Fallujah and Ramadi is the result of a short-sided decision by President Obama to completely pull out of the country and should have been prevented.  Going forward the U.S. can assist with intelligence and surveillance of al-Qaeda, training of Iraqi forces, and logistical support without placing boots on the ground, but we also need Iraqi Prime Minister Malaki to commit to necessary political and economic reforms to bring stability to the country.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jan/7/iraqi-army-clashes-militants-near-fallujah/
It has been a cold and busy week in our nation's Capitol but that hasn't kept me from highlighting the irony of the global warming debate while the country is experiencing record low temperatures. Please take a moment to listen to my interview with the Washington Times' Andy Parks here: http://www.washingtontimes.com/radio/andy-parks-live-from-the-washington-times/
The Obama Administration is attempting to force the Catholic Nuns of Little Sisters of the Poor Home for the Aged to offer healthcare coverage to employees that is in direct violation of their deeply held religious belief against contraceptive care. I support the women of Little Sisters of the Poor Home and employers like Hobby Lobby who are fighting back against ObamaCare's intrusion on our religious  and constitutional liberties and encourage others to stand up for what they believe. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/01/03/administration-to-high-court-dont-exempt-catholic-groups-from-contraception/
The National Journal highlighted what I believe to be one of the biggest national security for 2014. We must remain vigilant of Iran's growing nuclear capabilities and firm on sanctions.http://www.nationaljournal.com/defense/5-threats-that-will-keep-defense-officials-up-at-night-in-2014-20140103
NA
I always look forward to the Christmas season in anticipation of spending time with my lovely wife and our 20 kids and grandkids. But as you are aware our family will not be whole this year and for the years to come after the loss of our son, Perry. The letters, e-mails, phone calls, and prayers from so many of you in Oklahoma have meant more than words can express.  I spoke with NBC's Meet the Press about what this first Christmas will be like without him. While it will be difficult, my family and I find peace in celebrating the birth of the One who will reunite us with Perry again.   "O holy Child of Bethlehem, Descend to us, we pray; Cast out our sins and enter in, Be born to us today. We hear the Christmas angels The great glad tidings tell: Oh, come to us, abide with us, Our Lord Emmanuel!" -O Little Town of Bethlehem  by Phillips Brooks, 1867  From my family to yours, we wish you all wonderful Christmas and a fulfilling new year.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agML9-zoiXQ&feature=share
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe sat down for his first TV interview on the loss of his son, Perry. The segment will air this morning on NBC's Meet the Press and on the following stations and times:  - Ardmore's KTEM-TV at 8AM Central - Oklahoma City's KFOR-TV at 10AM Central - Oklahoma City's KOKC-AM at 7PM Central - Tulsa's KJRH-TV at 8AM Central
ICYMI: Krauthammer in the Washington Post argues that ObamaCare has enforced the "public option" with the way the Obama Administration is dictating every aspect of the insurance market from deadlines to coverage requirements: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/charles-krauthammer-story-of-the-year/2013/12/19/1d862c98-68f9-11e3-ae56-22de072140a2_story.html
Many Oklahomans and those across the nation have expressed concerns of the President’s ability to indefinitely detain United States citizens at Guantanamo Bay. As a member of the Armed Services Committee I have worked over the past several years to ensure rights of United States citizens are protected. In last year’s NDAA, I worked closely with my colleagues and achieved a major victory when an oversight provision was included to ensure a U.S. citizens’ right under the Constitution to challenge detention in federal court. This oversight provision remains law of the land today.   The tide of war is not receding. Our nation’s leaders continue to face a serious and critical dialogue of what it means to protect the United States in this day and age of terrorism. Part of that dialogue must involve how we protect the freedoms and rights of United States citizens that generations before us have fought to preserve. I will remain vigilant to ensure we keep this promise to Americans.
Congratulations to Congressman Markwayne Mullin for the passage of his first piece of legislation through Congress. I know first hand that he worked diligently on this bill that honors our country's Native American veterans, and I was proud to see passage of his bill in the Senate. It goes to show the great pride he has in the district and the people he represents in Oklahoma. http://newsok.com/house-passes-mullin-bill-for-native-american-veterans-memorial-at-dc-museum/article/3913553
I have received numerous e-mails, phone calls, and visits from Oklahomans and military members concerned about how the Obama Administration appears to be stifling religious freedom within our Armed Services. The most recent incident was this past week when a nativity scene at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base was ordered to be taken down. It is concerning that a place that goes great lengths to accommodate other religions – including providing Korans, prayer rugs, and special meals to meet religious dietary needs for detainees – would then restrict the religious expression of American soldiers and sailors celebrating Christmas. As we’ve seen in the media, we have also heard of the Air Force officer who was instructed to remove his bible from his desk out of belief that it was making others 'uncomfortable.'   As a veteran, I know that military members are some of the most religious people in our nation. They understand key elements of most all religions: commitment, devotion, and sacrifice. Our men and women in uniform should never be put in a position by their country as to which they should follow, God or their Commander-in-Chief. The Senate Armed Services Committee has put provisions in place to ensure religious intolerance doesn’t take place, and I hope Sec. Hagel will quickly respond to the concerns not only I have but many of his own men and women in uniform. You can read my letter to Sec. Hagel here:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-requests-dod-to-report-plans-to-protect-religious-freedom
Happy anniversary to my beautiful wife of 54 years, the lovely Mrs. Inhofe. Thank you for our perfect family and all the joy you and the kids have brought to my life. #TBT
This morning I spoke with WMAL's Larry O'Connor and guest host Susan Ferrechio about the Ryan-Murray budget deal, more specifically the unfair military retirement cuts; and passing the National Defense Bill. https://soundcloud.com/inhofepressoffice/sen-inhofe-on-wmal-dec-19-2013
Today I voted against the Ryan-Murray budget deal. It did not go far enough to protect our national security from devastating cuts under the Obama Administration and then even proceeded to find savings by targeting current and future military retiree accounts. As Ranking Member of Senate Armed Services Committee, I will be working closely with my colleague Chairman Levin to restore the sacred promise made to our men and women in uniform and ensure they received the benefits they have earned by protecting our freedoms.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-votes-no-on-ryan-murray-budget-deal
Among the essential authorizations in the national defense bill, there are many provisions that strengthen Congress' constitutional responsibility to provide oversight of the Executive branch. Without passing the national defense bill, Congress would be giving the President a free pass to manage the Department of Defense however he chooses. We must maintain Congressional oversight of the President and pass the national defense bill.
I’d like to congratulate Macy’s retail store for choosing Owasso, Okla. as their new location for opening an online fulfillment center. This establishment will create about 1,500 new permanent jobs and an additional 1,000 seasonal jobs in the area. There are many viable reasons to open business in Oklahoma, but in my discussions with Macy's, they noted the importance of the Indian Lands Acceleration Depreciation tax provision. This federal tax credit allows businesses that purchase capital equipment to depreciate it 40% faster than would otherwise be allowed. Today I introduced a bill to make permanent this tax provision that encourages businesses to invest in Oklahoma's economy and job market. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-congratulates-macys-introduces-bill-to-make-permanent-indian-lands-tax-provision
My interview with Chris Casteel of the The Oklahoman on how the National Defense Bill will prohibit more costly base closures: http://newsok.com/article/3915204
The Washington Post is finally catching up to what I was warning Oklahomans early last year that President Obama was intentionally delaying costly regulations until after his re-election campaign. One of my top priorities in Congress is to fight President Obama's overregulation that is hurting our economy and discouraging innovation. This is why in 2012 I released a report warning that the President was withholding numerous EPA rules until after the elections that he knew would cost Americans jobs and him votes.   According to the Washington Post: "The White House systematically delayed enacting a series of rules on the environment, worker safety and health care to prevent them from becoming points of contention before the 2012 election, according to documents and interviews with current and former administration officials. Some agency officials were instructed to hold off submitting proposals to the White House for up to a year to ensure that they would not be issued before voters went to the polls, the current and former officials said."   http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/white-house-delayed-enacting-rules-ahead-of-2012-election-to-avoid-controversy/2013/12/14/7885a494-561a-11e3-ba82-16ed03681809_story.html
Enjoyed riding in the Owasso Christmas Parade again this year!
Our founding fathers intentionally set out in the very first amendment to the U.S. Constitution to protect religious institutions from government.It’s not the federal government’s job to pressure people or private business to change policies or values that run counter to their moral beliefs. I’ve joined Sen. Lee in introducing legislation to ensure those who hold the religious conviction that marriage is between a man and a woman are protected from any attempt by the federal government to deny them a tax exemption, grant, contract, license, certification, or similar provision as a result of their religious value.  http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2013/12/11/mike-lee-authors-bill-to-protect-churches-from-being-pressured-into-recognizing-gay-marriage/
The impacts of an intrusive federal government... Please visit my website at Inhofe.Senate.Gov/Feedback/YourStory to share #YourStory.
What are your thoughts on the Ryan-Murray budget deal?  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-ryan-murray-budget-deal
Today the Obama Administration announced a new program called Farm to Fleet that would fuel U.S. Navy ships with expensive advanced biofuels. As poverty and hunger continues to expand for a U.S. population suffering from five years of this Administration’s failed economic policies, the President should concentrate on lessening the burdens and rewarding  farmers who are feeding our nation as opposed to feeding our Naval fleets. This is not about energy independence for the sake of national security but about appeasing the President's liberal base and siphoning critical funds for our military. Our country and our military could be energy independent tomorrow if the Administration would stop over-regulating our natural resources here at home. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-comments-on-new-farm-to-fleet-initiative-by-white-house
NA
As The Heritage Foundation points out, the President and Senate Majority Leader Reid have failed to prioritize America's national security and the protection of our men and women in uniform. As Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, it is my responsibility to ensure that our brave servicemembers have the training and equipment they require, that our troops are receiving the benefits our country has promised, and to provide for the common defense of America and our allies from global adversaries. If the Senate fails to act, Congress will be giving the President a free pass to manage DOD and our national security however he chooses. Congress must pass the national defense bill.   http://blog.heritage.org/2013/12/09/president-senate-get-serious-providing-common-defense/
Our constitutional responsibility in Congress is to provide for our nation's defense, and we must fulfill this duty by moving forward on the NDAA this year. This strong bipartisan agreement contains many vital provisions that support the well-being and readiness of our men and women in uniform and their families and strengthens congressional oversight of the DoD. Time is running short and I urge my colleagues to move quickly to pass this bill before we adjourn for the year.
On this day 72 years ago, countless of Americans serving their country were senselessly killed in an attack on Pearl Harbor. I had the honor to visit the Oklahoma Memorial at Pearl Harbor earlier this year and pay tribute to those who lost their lives in service to their country while on board this battleship.Today, we remember their lives and also pay homage to those in the Greatest Generation who answered the call to defend the United States and lead us to victory.
I want to thank everyone who came out to Bank of Cushing to talk about various issues. You can see the story published by Sean Kelly here: http://1600kush.com/story.php?id=6525&section=1 
 
 You may also read more about how I am pushing for the keystone pipeline here: http://www.stwnewspress.com/local/x853086255/Inhofe-expects-Obama-to-delay-pipeline-project
Interviews with J Curtis Huckleberry are always enjoyable.
Just finished having coffee with constituents in Hennessey; I appreciated the opportunity to join State Representative Mike Sanders for this event at City Hall. We discussed the importance of energy production and the Obama administration’s war on fossil fuels. It’s good to be in the state hearing my fellow Oklahomans’ opinion on the government shutdown and their questions regarding negative implications of the new nuclear option deal.
I don't trust Iran. And I don't trust President Rouhani. President Obama's deal he made with Iran should have demanded that Iran dismantle its nuclear program, not merely take its foot off the accelerator. Until Iran takes clear and verifiable steps to this end, existing sanctions must continue. In the Sunday editions of The Oklahoman, I wrote about my concerns with President Obama's agreement with Iran. I hope you will take a moment to read it and let me know what you think: http://newsok.com/jim-inhofe-existing-sanctions-on-iran-must-continue/article/3909640
What are you thankful for this Thanksgiving Day?  "Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, GIVE THANKS in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you." I Thess 5:16-18
I applaud the Supreme Court's announcement today to review ObamaCare's mandate on employers to cover contraceptive and abortion inducing drugs. This mandate violates our Founding Fathers' belief that government is to protect the right of conscience. President Obama's law orders a new moral code on how we should value human rights; in this instance the right of the unborn, the most voiceless among us. Despite being faced with millions of dollars in fines by the federal government, David Green and his company Hobby Lobby have honorably challenged the government's ability to infringe on the religious liberty and right of conscience for every American. Our Supreme Court judges must weigh this case with the recognition it will be a pivotal decision for the future of religious freedom in our nation. http://newsok.com/u.s.-supreme-court-takes-hobby-lobby-case/article/3908673
Happy National Adoption Day to all the families who have welcomed a child into their family and given him or her (or even them) a permanent home. Adopting Zegita into our family is still one of the greatest gifts. For those who haven't heard her story, here is an op-ed I wrote a few years ago: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/adoption-a-story-of-hope-new-beginnings-mcalester-news-capital-op/ed-11/10/11
For close to 100 years, the Senate has had a rule in place to protect the minority voice by requiring 60 votes for highly debated issues. This has been important when it comes to the Senate's constitutional role to advise and consent on Presidential nominations. But now due to the stunt Majority Leader Reid and Senate Democrats pulled today called the "nuclear option," the minority has been stripped of this historical right and no longer has a say in these types of nominations.   Sen. Reid has now distracted the Senate from the National Defense Authorization Act, the bill that funds our men and women in uniform.  It is disheartening that the Democrats would disrupt any important process to fund our national security just so that liberal nominees can now easily sail through the confirmation process.  Despite this nonsense, I will continue to fight for our military and ensure a bill that has received bipartisan support for the past 51 years passes the U.S. Senate.
Today I spoke on the floor in support of Sen. Ayotte and Sen. McCaskill’s NDAA amendment to combat sexual assault in the military and provide victims with greater resources to report assaults. This amendment would help give victims a voice and would hold commanders accountable to ensure cases are properly managed. #PolicyMatters http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1K-gEBGBYI&feature=share&list=TLJwIa742oS22Ecyqm82dm5c1DeEPCe9_r
Today I joined my colleagues in presenting 33 Native American Tribes with the Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of their military service during WWI and WWII. Native Americans who served as code talkers during these two wars are true American heroes whose ingenuity helped propel the Allied forces to victory and saved countless lives in the process.
 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-presents-congressional-gold-medal-to-native-american-code-talkers
The President's meeting today with Senate leadership was an attempt to garner trust in him and in Iran to negotiate a deal on the country's nuclear weapons program. I declined the invitation because the President wants us to trust a country that has deceived the United States and concealed their nuclear program for over 20 years. He is asking us to trust a country that continues to support terrorism around the globe, continues to repress the Iranian people, and under President Rouhani's leadership has increased its support for the mass slaughter of Syrians. Until Iran takes clear and demonstrable steps to fulfill its obligations, I cannot seriously consider the President's request to ease sanction and thereby put our national security at risk. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-regarding-white-house-meeting-on-iran-deal
I want to hear how ObamaCare is impacting you and your family's insurance coverage. Please take a moment to tell me your story of ObamaCare. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/feedback/yourstory
I never thought we would face sequestration after the President had already cut $467 billion out of our national security budget, and now the military is facing a rapid decline in its capability to perform at maximum potential. The longer we allow military readiness to decline the more money and time it will take to rebuild. We have fallen victim to the misguided belief that as the wars of today wind down, we can afford to cut investments in national security. I remember when defending America always had priority over everything. My top priorities include finding a long term solution to ending defense sequestration and protecting the readiness of our military, and I will fight for this as we work to pass the NDAA in the Senate: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doGHIGC5Nq4&feature=youtu.be
Join us in celebrating Senator Jim Inhofe's birthday today by sign his virtual card and wishing him a Happy Birthday below. 
 
 Sincerely,
 Inhofe staff
NA
Our prayers are with the Senator and his family as they lay Dr. Perry Inhofe to rest this afternoon. -Staff http://bit.ly/HYeoDI
NA
Veterans Day is a time devoted to paying our respects to the men and women who have worn the uniform and sacrificed to make our nation great. Because of our veterans’ service and commitment for over a century, the United States has become a shining beacon for liberty and democracy across the globe. I am honored that more than 37,000 military families reside in the great state of Oklahoma, and roughly 340,000 veterans call our state home, attend our churches, and contribute to our communities. On behalf of Oklahoma, we are humbled by the immeasurable dedication of each and every one of them. Please take a moment to read the rest of my statement below.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-veterans-day
There are about 8,000 people in the town of Cushing. If we can get #KeystoneXL moving -- and the President had not stopped what was happening with the pipeline coming in from the north -- about another 8,000 people would be employed in Oklahoma as we speak. The big problem here is we have a President who's had a war on fossil fuel and the pipeline is just a small part of that. We're in a position right now where we can have tremendous advances in our economy. Just look at Oklahoma, Texas, North Dakota — we average about 4 percent unemployment rate. We need to go ahead and develop those resources that we have.  I appreciate Washington Journal giving me time to bring awareness to this issue, and I hope you will take a moment to watch my interview in full: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etCPSEiIH3A&feature=youtu.be
Did you know that Cushing, Oklahoma is the largest oil storage hub in the nation? I will be live on C-SPAN at 8:20AM Central this morning to discuss the boom of energy resources in Oklahoma as well as the importance of the Keystone pipeline to our nation's economy and domestic energy independence. http://c-spanvideo.org/schedule/
This afternoon I welcomed Mr. Darren Smith, Environmental Manager at Oklahoma City's Devon Energy Corporation, at an Environment and Public Works Oversight Subcommittee hearing on escaped methane gas from oil and gas operations. It is always nice to be able to be able to bring witnesses before the committee that represent Oklahoman's common-sense when it comes to energy production and the federal government's over-regulation of the industry. Please take a moment to read my opening statement from the hearing: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-opening-statement-at-epw-subcommittee-on-oversight-hearing-entitled-fugitive-methane-emissions-from-oil-and-gas-operations
Maintaining and modernizing Oklahoma’s water infrastructure is essential for supporting and expanding our state's booming industries. I am proud once again to be a conferee on the Water Recourses Development Act and address the needs of Oklahoma’s ports and waterways that will help move our economy forward.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-named-to-wrda-conference
ObamaCare is impacting Oklahoma's middle class and our small-business owners. This past week, the Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce announced its health insurance plan that covered 1,400 companies was essentially "outlawed" by the Affordable Care Act. Because of this, many hardworking Oklahomans just lost their health coverage that the President had promised they could keep.    http://newsok.com/chamber-health-insurance-ending-for-1400-state-companies-as-enrollment-for-federal-exchange-opens/article/3899747/?page=2
I warned in 2011 that if the Obama Administration failed to negotiate a well-planned transition in Iraq, it would jeopardize the country’s long-term stability, and would threaten to undo all that American men and women in uniform fought and died for. Until Prime Minister Maliki takes the necessary steps to re-claim security and improve Iraq’s  structure in order to bring stability and prosperity to the Iraqi people, the situation will continue to deteriorate and U.S. security interests. President Obama must make clear the urgency of these reforms to Prime Minister Maliki during their meeting tomorrow.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-iraq-prime-ministers-white-house-meeting
The federal government is set to spend nearly twice as much taxpayer money on global warming than on border security: http://dailycaller.com/2013/10/28/global-warming-gets-nearly-twice-as-much-taxpayer-money-as-border-security/#ixzz2j7O6Gv2V
What do you think about NBC News' discovery that the Obama Administration has known for the past 3 years that 50-75 percent of Americans would lose their insurance? http://investigations.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/10/29/21222195-obama-administration-knew-millions-could-not-keep-their-health-insurance?lite
Washington, D.C. office is looking for college students from Oklahoma to serve as unpaid interns for Spring 2014. If you are interested in learning more about the legislative process and spending a semester in the nation's capital, you may fill out an application online at www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/internship. You must provide your resume, a writing sample, and three letters of recommendation. For more information, please contact Erica at 202-224-4721
As I've been saying since the beginning, what happened in Benghazi is one of the largest coverups by an administration in our nation's history.  CBS' 60 Minutes piece is another confirmation that the terrorist attacks were 'planned' and 'sophisticated' and that our annex was left vulnerable despite many warning signs and request for assistance.  Since the attacks, I have called for a hearing in Senate Armed Services Committee as well as supported efforts to create a joint committee to investigate the attacks. The American people deserve answers. http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50157981n
Did you know that a small bird currently has the potential to dramatically affect Oklahoma's booming energy industry as well as our famers and ranchers?   For the past year, I have been working to influence the Fish and Wildlife Services' (FWS) decision on how the Lesser Prairie-Chicken (LPC) should be categorized under the Endangered Species Act. On Wednesday, we won a small victory when FWS announced its endorsement of the state's plan that would help to preserve the species without sidelining important job-creating industries. Oklahoma is a prime example why vital conservation efforts should be handled on the state level.   This is a great next step towards ensuring the LPC is not listed under the Endangered Species Act. You can read more about it here: http://newsok.com/article/3896813
On Sept. 28, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a piece of legislation to fund the government that included a provision to delay the implementation of ObamaCare. With only a few days before the government shutdown, Democrats rejected it. Today, many of them are now asking for the delay due to the disastrous rollout of HealthCare.gov. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/24/growing-list-dems-call-for-delay/
One of the great privileges I have as a Member of Congress is to help Oklahoma veterans obtain their military medals that they earned but have either been lost or were never properly awarded. The latest veteran my staff helped was WWII veteran Phillip Coon of Tulsa. At 94-years-old and a survivor of a POW labor camp, he was awarded Monday evening with the Prisoner of War Medal, Bronze Star, the Combat Infantryman Badge, and more. His story can be read here: http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=239508243
Under ObamaCare, Oklahomans premiums are increasing, their access to treatment is disappearing, and their coverage is shrinking. The fight is not yet over on ObamaCare, and I will continue to work to defund the law and support common-sense solutions to improve the healthcare system.
Since President Obama came into office, he has signed into law a costly 20,000 page health care law, authored a $787 billion stimulus, and raised the debt ceiling now six times. He has taken care of his pet projects while letting the most foundational elements of the Constitution — from budgeting to national security — sit on the back burner.   Because of his leadership, we have operated from one crisis to the next. It happened once again when he and Majority Leader Reid held Congress hostage with the debt ceiling in order to forge a deal that falls short of anything worthy of conservative support. It's time this ends and my colleagues face the overdue discussion on the scope and size of federal government. The federal government is growing more invasive than our Founding Fathers ever intended; our national debt is slated to skyrocket to $25 trillion in the next decade; and the President's fiscal recklessness is disarming America and making our national security more vulnerable than ever before.    I look forward to my soon return to continue this debate and ensure this crucial discussion about our nation's future remains in the forefront of funding decisions.
Half of the Senate joined me, Sen. Jerry Moran, and Senator Joe Manchin III today in sending a bipartisan letter to the President reminding him of the overwhelming opposition to ratification of the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty. It's time the Administration puts this failed effort to rest once and for all. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sens-inhofe-moran-manchin-and-half-of-senate-to-white-house-us-will-not-be-bound-by-un-arms-trade-treaty
The President is failing to consider out national security when he gives enemy combatants the right to remain silent. Now that al-Libi, an alleged senior terrorist, is on U.S. soil for trial, he will be read his Miranda rights making it much more difficult to gather intelligence to prevent future attacks.   The President's agenda to close Gitmo is a blatant unwillingness to confront global terrorism and it only emboldens our enemies to continue their despicable acts against humanity.  http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2013/10/14/al-qaeda-kingpin-abu-anas-al-libi-belongs-at-guantanamo-not-in-new-york/
Happy birthday to the US Navy! Thank you for 238 years of exemplary service and heroic sacrific. http://www.history.navy.mil/birthday.htm
President Obama's spokesperson said the Congress-passed bill to restore death benefits to military families is "not necessary." As I said before, the government should not delegate our responsibility to provide for families of those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our nation's security. This is reprehensible. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/10/10/senate-approves-bill-to-pay-military-death-benefits/
Dick Morris writes in The Hill yesterday how Oklahoma could knock out #ObamaCare: http://thehill.com/opinion/columnists/dick-morris/327337-suit-in-oklahoma-could-knock-out-obamacare
The Fischer House's offer to provide benefits to the families of our fallen heroes is noble and praiseworthy. I greatly appreciate the Fischer House for continuing their long history of care and support of our men and women in uniform and their families, but I urge Majority Leader Reid to swiftly put forward the House-passed legislation to restore this benefit.    The support our nation provides to the families of those who make the ultimate sacrifice for our nation’s security should never be impacted by the fights in Washington, and the government should not delegate this responsibility.  It is Congress' constitutional duty to ensure a strong national security. Former President Lincoln understood a vital part of that duty is to care for the families of the fallen when he proclaimed in 1865: 'To care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow, and his orphan.'  http://www.realcleardefense.com/articles/2013/10/09/statement_on_death_gratuities_106914.html
Sen. Inhofe's military staff and military fellow (seen in uniform) joined the Oklahoma delegation in greeting Oklahoma WWII veterans visiting D.C. with the Honor Flight program.
Last week during a routine check-up, a doctor discovered severe blockage in my heart and recommended an immediate operation. I quickly returned to Oklahoma to be with my wife and family and I already feel stronger today. Thank you for all your thoughts and prayers during this time and I will soon be back in Washington to continue fighting on behalf of Oklahoma and our way of life.  http://newsok.com/oklahoma-sen.-jim-inhofe-says-he-feels-great-after-emergency-heart-surgery/article/3891171
I appreciate Sec. Hagel heeding my call and those of my colleagues to bring our DOD civilians back to work. Their contribution is absolutely essential to support our men and women in uniform and maintain our national security. http://newsok.com/most-defense-civilians-can-return-to-work-defense-secretary-chuck-hagel-says/article/3890448
My Washington staff and their families participated this morning in a walk to support breast cancer research and to celebrate a staff member's wife who beat the cancer this year.
STAFF UPDATE: The shelter in place has been lifted. We are grateful for the swift response of the Capitol police and first responders.
Due to reports of gunfire at the Capitol, my staff is sheltering in place and any phone calls into the D.C. office are being sent to voicemail for the time being. We are safe and are praying for the safety of others in and around the Capitol complex.
There are 22 million veterans in the United States, including more than 340,000 in Oklahoma. Our nation has made a promise to care for the men and women who have worn the uniform. It's time Congress honors that promise by passing the House's legislation to ensure our veterans receive their earned benefits despite a partial government shutdown.
My staff and I have been in contact with the Department of Defense urging immediate issuance of new guidance to pay our men and women in uniform, as well as the civilians and contractors who support them, during a government shutdown. The language passed by Congress to ensure their pay should be interpreted to the broadest extend possible. America cannot afford to look weak on national security, especially in the 21st century when the threat of global terrorism is real and evolving.
A government shutdown has real implications for Oklahomans, seniors, small business owners, veterans, and civilian employees that support our military installations.   At this time, the U.S. House of Representatives has sent the Senate several common-sense solutions to fund the government while addressing the concerns Americans have for the President’s healthcare law. The President could have accepted the proposal to delay the law’s individual mandate, a delay he already gave to big businesses. He could have accepted the one-year delay on ObamaCare or the elimination of the special carve-out for Congress. Let me remind you that since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, the President has signed 14 laws that have amended or repealed portions of ObamaCare; delayed at least 5 provisions of the law, independent of Congress; and missed half of the deadlines for implementation. Yet today, the President won’t come to the table to address Americans’ concerns about implementation and funding of this disastrous piece of legislation. He and the Democrats have instead chosen to shut down the government rather than negotiate.  I encourage the President and my Senate colleagues to come to the table and end this shutdown.
Our men and women in uniform and their families should not suffer for Congress’ inability to pass a budget that represents the demands of the American people. Our military makes extraordinary sacrifices every day for our safety and security, and they deserve our respect and support. The President’s sequestration has already resulted in unnecessary furloughs and uncertainty this year for our military. I urge Majority Leader Reid to take up S. 1541 immediately to ensure our military is paid in the event of a government shut down. With this common-sense, bipartisan bill, Congress can stop further interruptions in the invaluable services our military provides to keep us safe.
Tune in tonight at 8:30PM Central to FOX News' Hannity where I will be discussing ObamaCare with my friend Senator Mike Lee.
STAFF UPDATE: Sen. Inhofe will be going back to the Senate floor at 9AM EST to #StandwithCruz. Submit questions here for Inhofe to ask Cruz and #MakeDClisten.
I'll be heading to the Senate floor shortly to #StandwithCruz and #MakeDClisten. Time to #RepealObamaCare. Tune in to CSPAN-2 here: http://www.c-span.org/Events/Sen-Cruz-Debates-CR-Defunding-Health-Care-Law/10737441638-1/
TeaPartyPatriots.org is running a robo call in Oklahoma that alludes to two false accusations. Let me assure you that I will be voting this week to defund ObamaCare with my friend Senator Ted Cruz. Now is our opportunity to deal with this disastrous law, and this law has got to go. Let me also dispel the second accusation - I am a cosponsor of Sen. Vitter's amendment to end subsidies for Members of Congress and their staff enrolled in ObamaCare's health insurance exchanges. 
 
 I have been clear on my position on ObamaCare from the beginning, and it is a shame that an organization would seek to raise money with my name and a false accusation.
I sent a letter to Sec. Kerry today warning him about his plans for the United States to become a signatory nation to the U.N. Arm Trade Treaty on Wednesday. This treaty is already dead in the water in the Senate. In March, 53 Senators went on the record against this treaty when they voted for my amendment to block the United States' involvement. The Administration is wasting time trying to sign away our laws to the global community and unelected U.N. bureaucrats.
I hope you'll take a moment to read my Sunday newsletter: Standing with Oklahomans on #ObamaCare http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/inhofe-informant
Of course Al Gore would praise today's EPA announcement of unprecedented new regulations on power plants. He's on the path to becoming the first climate billionaire! Gore and the Obama Administration say these regulations are about climate change, but a new scientific report shows the warming on the Earth's surface has slowed in the past 15 years while the world's CO2 emissions have increased. Gore proclaims we must question the extreme weather in recent years! But Obama's own appointee said in June, "It's not extreme weather. It's just weather." Single actions like this one from the EPA today will not produce any visible changes; instead, the EPA's greenhouse gas regime will result in $300-400 billion in annual lost economic activity.  http://blog.algore.com/2013/09/todays_epa_announcement.html
Five years ago today, TransCanada submitted its application to build the Keystone pipeline in the United States, but President Obama has still yet to approve the project despite saying that the pipeline would not have a significant impact on the environment. The Keystone pipeline would create 1,200 jobs immediately in Oklahoma and up to 14,000 jobs in our state over the years.  If we stall any longer, the United States risks losing this economic opportunity and North American energy resource to China. It is time the United States moves forward on the Keystone pipeline to help encourage economic growth and create well-paid American jobs.
Throughout my time representing Oklahoma in Washington, I’ve advocated for a strong and well-resourced national defense as the foundation of our security, economic prosperity and the backbone of our global leadership. Today, however, this force is at risk. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed in the  Washington Times on the growing divide in military readiness:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/washington-times-the-growing-divide-in-military-readiness
Today, I congratulate the US Air Force on the 66th anniversary of its separation from the US Army in what became the creation of the greatest aerial warfare force in the world. Thank you to the men and women who continue to carry out the mission daily and their friends and family members who support them. Aim High, Fly-Fight-Win.
This morning Majority Leader Harry Reid spoke on the Senate floor saying lawmakers shouldn't be wasting their time fighting over Obamacare when we should instead be facing the "reality" of climate change. While pointing to recent devastating natural disasters, Reid failed to mention recent reports that are testing the "global warming" theory such as the Arctic ice cap growing by 60 percent in the past year or that trees are growing faster and using less water with higher atmospheric concentrations of CO2.    Climate change is always a diversion tactic for the liberals from what's really at hand – and that's their failed health care law. Since ObamaCare was enacted, health insurance rates in Oklahoma have risen by up to 100 percent, and Americans are losing the health care coverage the President promised they could keep. Even the AFL-CIO has recently come out calling Obamacare "highly disruptive." Whether it's climate change or health care, it all encompasses the President's overregulation agenda that is stifling the economy and hurting the middle class. As your Senator in Washington, I am committed to fighting against this agenda and it starts with repealing ObamaCare.
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and all those affected by the senseless act of violence at the Navy Yard today.
This morning I spoke with Bill Bennett reflecting on 9/11 and also discussing the President's speech last night on Syria. You can listen to a recording of it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jdz0aTsuufA&feature=youtu.be
Our hearts will never forget the mothers and fathers, children and siblings that were lost or the pain that Americans felt during the violent acts of terror on September 11, 2001. The nearly 3,000 innocent Americans in New York City, Pennsylvania, and Virginia whose lives were stolen that day will continue to be our foundation of reason to see terrorism silenced throughout the world. The Global War on Terror has been strenuous for our servicemembers who have been tasked with the mission to preserve our national security and promote freedom. Their courage and selfless service, along with those from previous conflicts, serve as the cornerstone of our American patriotism. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-our-hearts-will-never-forget
If the President decides to commit an act of war on Syria, it would be irresponsible for him to use our military that he has decimated with close to $1 trillion in budget cuts. Last night, I announced on the Senate floor my amendment that would protect our military from next year's sequestration cuts.   Watch my speech here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX6BMvDJ9zA&feature=share&list=TLiDIuDxahItU
I’ve said repeatedly the President must first explain our objectives and end state in Syria, present a long-term strategy for the region and the means to fund it, as well as clarify the risks associated with military intervention. Despite several years of bloodshed, we’re just now seeing a last minute rush by the White House to gain the support of Congress and the American people. Until the President comes forward with answers to these questions, no one should vote to authorize an act of war on Syria.  After today's Senate Armed Services Committee classified briefing, my opposition to the President's military intervention remains unchanged. Watch my full response here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5nMoUB4Yy0&feature=share&list=TLK1-sEwuSxVg
This past Sunday I appeared on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace to outline my opposition to military intervention in Syria. For some reason no one wants to talk about the real serious problem and that is the degraded condition of our military today. The President's current proposal may sound real easy when people like Secretary Kerry say that ‘it is going to be quick and we’re going to go in, we’re going to send a few cruise missiles, wash our hands and go home.’ It doesn’t work that way and this could end up being a war in the Middle East.  http://youtu.be/YeAq06kyoi4
Setting up in Tulsa to talk with Chris Wallace on FOX News Sunday about Syria. Tune in at 8AM Central on your local FOX affiliate.
Last night the Administration informed us that they have a ‘broad range of options’ for Syria but failed to lay out a single option. They also did not provide a timeline, a strategy for Syria and the Middle East, or a plan for the funds to execute such an option. Several members agreed with me that whatever is decided upon, it’s going to take military resources that are at decreased readiness levels due to a lack of funding.  As Sec. Hagel, Adm. Winnefeld, and I have discussed before, we have a financial crisis in our military. We have a starving military. Even Gen. Dempsey has said we are putting our military on a path where the ‘force is so degraded and so unready’ that it would be ‘immoral to use the force.’ The Administration owes it to Congress and to the American people to lay out how they will fund their military action. Is it going to be more furloughs? We have already had 14,000 furloughed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma alone. As I have said before, no red line should have even been drawn without first preparing a strategic plan and assessing our resources.
What we are seeing in Syria is abominable as thousands upon thousands of innocent children and families are being murdered while millions more are being driven from their homes. Today I told the Administration that I cannot support military action in Syria unless the President presents to Congress his broader strategy in the region that addresses our national security interests and the budget to support it. President Obama has decimated our military beginning with his first budget four and a half years ago. He has underfunded overseas contingency operations (OCO) fund, reduced base defense budget, and put into motion sequestration. Our military has no money left. Will the President pay for this operation with more furloughs and by grounding squadrons again? By continuing to raid the already underfunded base defense budget, the Administration Obama further undermines future military readiness and capabilities.   The United States should also not consider a strategy without thoroughly consulting and heeding the advice of our partners in the region, which include Israel, Jordan and Turkey. It is vital we avoid shortsighted military action that would have little impact on the long-term trajectory of the conflict.  We can’t simply launch a few missiles and hope for the best.   We must not forget this President has put us on the brink of a hollowed force. Our troops are stretched thin, the defense budget has been slashed to historic levels, and we are facing an unprecedented time of unrest across the Middle East amid growing concerns about Iran’s influence on the region and its nuclear ambitions. No red line should have been drawn without the strategy and funding to support it.
Ignoring jobs and the economy, POTUS continues to expand ‘regulation nation’ - http://bit.ly/17Do7q5
The NSA violations recently reported by the Washington Post are very concerning. It appears the Obama Administration has abused the authority granted to them by Congress. Congress has an important role to provide oversight of the NSA, and I will work to investigate as to what laws were broken by the Administration. As we uncover any violations, it is important we strike a balance of civil liberty protections with intelligence collection against those seeking to attack us overseas and here at home.  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/08/17/inhofe-calls-for-hill-investigations-after-new-report-about-nsa-survelliance/
Today I began an investigation into the blurred lines between President Obama’s campaign arm and the White House. A series of coincidental events on climate change happened this week both from the White House and on the campaign side that could be a potential violation of the Hatch Act. To top it off, their week of events is ending with a climate change special from certain liberal media with reportedly no interviews from those challenging the theory. The White House, the President’s campaign, and the liberal media are weaving a false and potentially harmful narrative of alarmism. This agenda will leave our nation less secure, less prosperous and less informed. Just as the OFA has called for light to be shed on members of Congress not in lockstep with the President’s agenda, I will work to shed light on the coincidence of coordination in the Obama Administration that we continue to see unfold.   Read my full statement on the events here: http://1.usa.gov/1eKo92d
Oklahoma is leading the country in defeating ObamaCare and exposing just how expensive and burdensome it will be on our economy. Yesterday’s ruling to allow Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt's case to proceed signifies a first-stage victory. Read my full statement here: http://1.usa.gov/16NuHMy
I am pleased with Judge White’s ruling yesterday that signifies a first-stage victory for Oklahoma in the battle against ObamaCare. Read more here: http://bit.ly/17mikoK
I always enjoy meeting with WWII Oklahoma Veterans. They are living examples of the sacrifices made to protect our freedom. Paul Andert was named a knight of the French Legion of Honour at a Tulsa ceremony yesterday. – “We gave our today so you could have your tomorrow.” Read more here: [http://bit.ly/136elPZ]
This morning I spoke with the Air Force Association in Midwest City, OK about sequestration and furloughs.
NA
Today I had the privilege of taking my son Jimmy and two of my grandchildren around OSHKOSH. They joined me when I spoke with Craig Fuller, the president of Aircraft Owners & Pilots Association (AOPA), about the implementation of my Pilots Bill of Rights as well as the effects of sequestration on FAA towers.
The great state of Oklahoma is fighting to defund ObamaCare. Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt is leading the lawsuit that might be the best and last chance of saving states from this looming disaster. - http://onforb.es/13IcD14
Everyone agrees that TSCA needs to be amended and reformed. It is time to bring the bill into the 21st Century to improve public protection and provide essential regulatory certainty for businesses. We addressed this issue today in an EPW hearing, and I look forward to seeing this bipartisan reform bill pass the Senate. http://1.usa.gov/133d7zE
Oklahoma Attorney General E. Scott Pruitt is scheduled to testify tomorrow at a House Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee hearing on the IRS's legal basis for expanding ObamaCare's taxes and subsidies. Rep. James Lankford will chair the hearing and I look forward to seeing AG Pruitt continue his efforts in the fight against ObamaCare.   For more information: http://1.usa.gov/131bEKg
Technological advances have led to the U.S. energy boom on state and private lands. Oil production in Oklahoma has increased 51% since 2010 in spite of, not because of the federal government. - http://fxn.ws/19t10TW
The BUILD Act makes a good program even better. I look forward to seeing the bill through committee and signed into law so that we continue to see buildings restored and communities revitalized. Read my opening statement from the EPW hearing here: http://1.usa.gov/12ngJBx
Just another reminder why ObamaCare must be repealed – The Washington Post has a story today on how part-time workers are now seeing paycuts due to the law.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/health-care-law-is-tied-to-new-caps-on-work-hours-for-part-timers/2013/07/23/e6272544-e96a-11e2-aa9f-c03a72e2d342_story.html
The president’s global warming agenda will be devastating to our nation’s economy and to the middle class. The president may believe it will be impossible to combat global warming without a strong middle class but we won’t have a middle class if the President pursues his jobs-killing greenhouse gas regulations which will cost our economy between $300 billion to $400 billion per year.  Add this to his other environmental initiatives, and the devastating costs to the economy reach $1 trillion per year and at least 9 million jobs.
After campaigning on a promise to be the most open and transparent administration in history, Obama's EPA has continued the controversial closed-door practice of "sue and settle" which leaves commercial industries without an opportunity to debate or defend themselves against the overregulation we continue to see from the Obama administration. Yesterday during an Environment and Public Works (EPW) committee hearing, three new EPA nominees committed on the record to include industry representatives in "sue and settle" discussions. You can watch the entire question and answer segment here: http://bit.ly/17Ds1jp
Today another EPA Official confirmed there is no proof that hydraulic fracturing leads to groundwater contamination. Despite aggressive attempts by the EPA and the high hopes of environmentalists to condemn the practice, no one is able to provide a concrete case linking the two, which made answering my questions even easier. Watch the exchange here: http://bit.ly/15GuFUg
Hobby Lobby received a temporary exemption Friday from the new federal health care law’s mandate that requires employers provide abortion-inducing drugs and emergency contraceptives as a part of their insurance coverage. The Green family allows their Christian faith to impact every way they run their business. Forcing the owners of a private company to violate some of their deepest held religious beliefs about the value of life is unconstitutional and would be a severe infringement on their religious liberty. I am glad to see that U.S. District Judge Joe Heaton saw the weight of this important issue and extended the exemption for further review. http://bit.ly/119OtQc
Today the Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee held a hearing on Climate Change. Click here to read my opening statement where I discuss the latest science that is continuing to put a hole in alarmists' global warming theory:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-at-epw-hearing-on-climate-change-its-happening-now
From The Hill:  “General Dempsey, at what point will you advise [Obama] that the defense cuts imposed will result in the dire scenario you laid out before our committee in February that ‘if ever the force is so degraded and so unready, and then we’re asked to use it, it would be immoral,” said Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.), the top Republican on the committee.  “When will the commander-in-chief be at the point of making immoral decisions?” Inhofe later asked Dempsey and Vice Adm. James Winnefeld.  “If the nation is threatened, we’ll go,” Dempsey said. “That’s the point: We’ll go, and we may not be ready to go.”  http://thehill.com/blogs/defcon-hill/budget-appropriations/311965-sequestration-looms-large-over-dempsey-confirmation-hearing#ixzz2ZPSeV7SU  Follow us: @thehill on Twitter | TheHill on Facebook
Today I spoke with Mike Huckabee on the Nuclear Option, Gina McCarthy, and Climate Change. Listen here: http://t.co/xm73uUvR8E
Study Finds #Obamacare Could Push Nearly 1 Million Americans From Work to Welfare - http://bit.ly/1aMw0zD
“After more than 90 days of our airmen being grounded due to sequestration, the announcement today by the Air Force is welcome news. If recent reprogramming measures can put our pilots back in the air, I fully expect the Air Force can also find a way to also end furloughs for this fiscal year. Today’s announcement proves the military’s pain from sequester could have been mitigated all along had my bill to give flexibility to the Department of Defense been rightfully considered. Instead, the President chose politics over the needs of our warfighters and issued a veto threat of my bill, focusing his effort on shirking responsibility rather than providing the budget flexibility his commanders have repeatedly requested.”  Read my full statement on Air Force Announcement here: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-praises-air-force-announcement-calls-for-end-to-furloughs
This week, the Senate considered legislation to fix student loan rates. Senate Democrats once again used this as an opportunity to hike taxes with their bill S.1238. This bill would have only provided a one-year fix for 40 percent of student loan volume while permanently hiking taxes on certain retirement accounts. Students and parents need certainty in planning, which is why I voted against this legislation. I was also disappointed that the bipartisan alternative was not given consideration as it provided a permanent, common-sense fix for all federal student loan interest rates and would put a cap on consolidated loans, similar to the President's proposal.
Yesterday I took to the Senate floor to respond to President Obama’s aggressive climate agenda and voice my concerns that Gina McCarthy, the current nominee for Administrator of EPA, will be used as a tool of the administration to implement his destructive regulations. The truth is – their regulatory agenda will only cause more unemployment, lower economic growth, lower take home pay, and a less prosperous nation.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbdUW_jQ5i8&feature=c4-overview&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
Expediting our country's liquefied natural gas (LNG) to the global market is a win for American jobs and for our own national security. A bipartisan group of 33 of my Senate colleagues agree, and we sent a letter to Secretary of Department of Energy (DOE) Ernest Moniz urging the department to prioritize and expedite decisions on permit applications to export LNG. Visit my website to read our letter: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-begich-32-senators-send-bipartisan-letter-urging-doe-to-expedite-lng-permit-applications
Today Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel responded to the letter Chairman Levin and I sent requesting he outlining the Department's contingency plans if sequestration for fiscal year 2014 is not averted. His letter clearly states that if sequestration occurs again in FY 2014, our military will likely be unprepared to deal with future contingencies around the world—a startling fact given the growing instability and threats across the Middle East, North Africa, and around the world. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-devastation-of-sequester-budget-cuts-will-only-be-amplified
The Senate-passed immigration bill creates an incentive for employers to hire illegal immigrants over U.S. workers who are already struggling to find jobs in Obama’s stagnant economy. I joined Senator Ted Cruz and Senator David Vitter in an effort to defund Obamacare to prevent employers from hiring illegal immigrants over U.S. citizens and legal immigrants in order to avoid penalties under Obamacare’s oppressive employer mandate. Unfortunately, Senate Amendment 1580 did not come to the floor for a vote, despite proponents of the bill recognizing this problem.  If the Senate Immigration bill becomes law, the economic disaster caused by Obama’s Health Care reform will get unbelievably worse.
Earlier this afternoon, I joined Sens. Lee, Vitter, Sessions, as well as Jenny Beth Martin of the Tea Party Patriots and Niger Innis with The Tea Party during a press conference to highlight our opposition to the Gang of Eight’s immigration bill which fails to secure the border and provides immediate amnesty. The people who immigrate to this country legally have worked hard, learned the language, and know the history of our country. I cannot support legislation that will put those individuals at the back of the line and let an illegal immigrant cut to the front.
Devoting dwindling defense dollars to construct private biofuel refineries is both misguided and dangerous. In the midst of the unprecedented fiscal challenges facing our armed forces, the focus should be on adequately equipping and training our military to defend against global threats. Please take a moment to read my op-ed in POLITICO http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/shrinking-defense-dollars-and-biofuels
Yesterday, I had the privilege to greet nearly 100 Oklahoman World War II Veterans during an Honor Flight event to visit their memorial in Washington, D.C. On this 69th anniversary of D-Day I thank the men and women who selflessly served and sacrificed in order to protect the freedoms and liberties that all American's enjoy.
Yesterday I was able to visit the first responders, members of the Oklahoma National Guard, and neighbors in Moore, Okla. who are emboldening the Oklahoma Standard by helping family members, friends, and complete strangers to clean up the devastation caused by the tornadoes earlier this week. Just as we have done after the bombing in Oklahoma City and the 1999 tornado, we must work to assist and support one another. We will persevere and move past this tragedy but will never forget the 24 children, students, and adults that were killed in Moore and the two individuals who were killed in Shawnee. My family and I will continue to pray for those who are suffering, or have been injured or displaced.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPQuDujw62I&feature=share&list=UUOKW-o3oYdFmrMNcTLVuaoA
This afternoon I toured the damaged areas around Moore and Shawnee, Oklahoma with Congressman Tom Cole, Rep. James Lankford, Tom Coburn, Frank Lucas,  Congressman Jim Bridenstine and Governor Mary Fallin. Please keep Oklahoma in your thoughts and prayers.
I continue to pray for those who were displaced, are suffering, and are missing or have lost loved ones in Oklahoma. Coping with a tragedy is not easy, but we will continue to work together as a nation to ensure that Oklahomans have the support and resources that are needed to mount a quick and strong recovery. I ask that you pray for Oklahoma as we continue the search and rescue efforts and begin the healing process.   http://1.usa.gov/119wP04
I will continue to pray for the families and individuals who lost a loved one, suffered damage or lost homes and possessions during the storms that tore through Oklahoma and the Midwest yesterday evening. Representatives from FEMA have contacted my office and are ready to respond should Governor Fallin request federal assistance. Please take a moment to access the Severe Weather Resources on my website to review or develop a severe weather plan with your family to ensure your safety throughout the storm season.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/services/weather
To the men and women of the Armed Forces, on this Armed Forces Day of 2013 I join all Oklahomans and Americans throughout the world to thank you and your families for your dedication to ensure the safety and security of the United States and our allies. Your sacrifice and selflessness will not be forgotten as we commit to support you as you return home from overseas, transition into civilian life, or continue your service to carry out the mission.
I am proud to introduce the Iran Sanctions Implementation Act of 2013 that will allow the president to impose a full oil embargo against Iran. This bill would require the president to designate "Iranian Oil Replacement Zones" on federal lands so that federal oil production increases enough to eliminate the need for any Iranian oil exports anywhere in the world. Nearly 70 percent of Iran's funding is generated from oil exports; my bill will isolate Iran, strengthen our national security, ensure the energy security of our allies, and expedite America's energy independence. This is an energy plan to defeat Iran. 
 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-open-federal-lands-to-defeat-iran
Today, I voted for and the Senate passed the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2013. As senior member and former ranking member of the Environment and Public Works (EPW) Committee, I understand the inherent importance of water infrastructure for the economic prosperity and public health of communities across the country. Recent droughts in Oklahoma have underscored the impact legislation such as WRDA can have on communities, and I am proud to have worked several legislative proposals into the final bill that will bring much needed impacts back to Oklahoma.    http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-secures-major-victory-for-oklahoma-water-infrastructure
Recent reports of the IRS targeting conservative groups for audits and investigations based on political beliefs is mischievous, malicious, and illegal. The president seems to be more focused on taking down his political opposition than he is on tackling the real problems facing our country. Yesterday, the Department of Defense announced they will be furloughing more than 800,000 civilian employees. If the president and his administration had put these political games aside and worked with congress to find a solution to sequestration, many of those civilian employee furloughs could have been avoided.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-administrations-shameful-failure-falls-on-backs-of-civilian-employees
Two years have passed, more than 70,000 have died, and the horrific violence in Syria shows no signs of abating. Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons against his fellow Syrians has clearly crossed President Obama's self-imposed "red line."  Any course of action by the United States in response has risk, but so does inaction.   It's more important now than ever that President Obama step up and exhibit the leadership required of the commander in chief. Leading from behind is not a formula for success; it leaves a vacuum that lets Russia and Iran shape the future of the region. I hope you will take a moment to read my op-ed today in USA Today on what needs to be next in Syria: http://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2013/05/09/syria-chemical-weapons-obama-inhofe-column/2144159/
I joined my colleague United States Senator Mike Lee and nine others in introducing a resolution this week calling on the Senate to review public policies that led to the illegal abortion practices of Dr. Kermit Gosnell. Gosnell is currently standing trial for the murder of one female adult and seven newborn babies due to his unsanitary and abusive practice. http://washingtonexaminer.com/senate-republicans-introduce-kermit-gosnell-resolution/article/2529007
Tomorrow the House Oversight Committee will be looking further into what happened at our U.S. consulate in Benghazi on 9/11/12, and I expect it will only validate what I’ve been saying all along; this was clearly a cover-up. Testimonies and hearings since the event have proven that everyone knew within hours that this was a preplanned, premeditated attack. Yet, the Obama Administration sent out Ambassador Rice with scrubbed talking point to five major Sunday shows to blame an anti-Islam video.  Prior to this false blame, the video only had a few thousand views and had not yet been translated into anything but English. Blaming this video instead of telling the truth was potentially the main driver behind the heightened disruption and violence that broke out across multiple Muslim countries in the days preceding the Libya event. The Administration, in a careful and calculated manner purposely, misled the American people, and it’s a shame.   http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/may/7/john-bolton-benghazi-could-bring-down-obama-admini/#.UYkmAm8E8QY.facebook
I have heard from a large number of constituents across the state regarding news reports that the Pentagon is prosecuting Christians for promoting their faith. Oklahomans and service members' concerns are understandable when the President has used the defense department over the past few years as the battleground for pushing his liberal social agenda.   The DOD did inform my office last week that they have not and will never single out a particular religious group for persecution or prosecution and that service members are free to share and evangelize their faith. My staff will continue to monitor to ensure this is the case and will investigate any incident where a service member reports being unfairly treated on the basis of his or her religion. It is morally important that our men and women in uniform who fight for our freedoms are also respected and their Constitutional right to practice their faith is protected.
Oklahoma remains one of the top 10 states with the lowest unemployment rate, with Oklahoma City boasting the lowest jobless rate in the nation. If the President was serious about encouraging job creation and a more stable economy, he'd look to our state's formula for success of less federal government, lower taxes, and a strong energy sector.
"Virtually every DOD witness who has come before the Armed Services Committee this year has testified that an additional round of sequestration in fiscal year 2014 would be devastating  for the Department."   Today, Chairman Carl Levin and I sent a letter to Sec. Hagel requesting a detailed plan for the implementation of the $52 billion sequester cuts facing the Department of Defense in FY 2014.  Having already endured almost $600 billion in defense cuts under the Obama Administration, it is important my colleagues and the American public have a clear understanding of what the future holds for our military capabilities and overall national security. Please take a moment to read the letter.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/levin-inhofe-seek-hagels-guidance-on-defense-budget-cuts
When we experience temperatures not to our liking, it gets labeled as global warming in the summer and climate change in the winter. Waking up to frost on my windshield in May made it a little confusing just what my climate alarmist friends would say we’re experiencing here in Oklahoma.    Yesterday’s temperatures were 10-20 degrees below average across the state, and April brought some of the coldest days in our state’s history. Our farmers are suffering because of it with wheat output expected to drop by nearly 50 percent this year due to the late-season freezes. All the while, activists are relentless in their attempts to drum up global warming hysteria blaming our state’s successful energy sector for extreme heat temperatures. The activists will expect Oklahomans to forget about our cold spring the moment a hot summer day sets in, but Oklahomans won’t be fooled – not when our crops have been affected and our job-creating energy sector is being attacked.   President Obama and others in his cabinet renewed their promise to confront the ‘threat’ of climate change, yet the mainstream media has said their efforts have been subpar as of recent. The Economist reported in March that scientists are beginning to backtrack their concerns for man-made climate change, citing that temperatures globally have not risen over the past decade. Maybe it’s time some of this hot air surrounding the global warming debate be sent down here to relieve Oklahomans and our farmers.
I toured CNG Interstate facilities yesterday in Edmond, Okla to see how this innovative Oklahoma company is converting private and fleet vehicles to burn clean, cheap natural gas. 
 
 http://www.edmondsun.com/local/x6219290/Senator-Inhofe-visits-local-CNG-company
I applaud Congress this week for putting aside politics to provide budget flexibility to the FAA in order to mitigate unnecessary pain from the President’s sequestration. The White House calling this common-sense solution a ‘band-aid’ for ignoring other suffering agencies is double talk. Let’s not forget President Obama issued a veto threat of my bill with Sen. Toomey months ago that would have granted wide-sweeping flexibility to sequestration cuts this year.   The FAA’s budget has more than doubled since 1996. Sequestration only reduces the FAA’s budget by 5 percent bringing it down to 2010 levels. This should not have equated to hundreds of flights canceled and hundreds more delayed. Congress’ bipartisan victory this week goes to show that we can address our fiscal crisis without budget gimmicks or more tax hikes on hardworking Americans.
Today I introduced the AMMO Act of 2013 with fellow Oklahoman Congressman Frank Lucas. Recent reports of the enormous stockpiles of ammo at the Department of Homeland Security goes to show we need more transparency and accountability of federal agencies' ammunition supply. Our bill will require just that while also protecting law-abiding citizens access to these resources. I hope you will take a moment to read more about our bill here:   http://freebeacon.com/gop-bill-seeks-to-cut-back-government-ammo-purchases/
President Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people clearly crosses the ‘red line’ established by President Obama.  This marks a significant turning point in what’s already been a tragic two years that has left over 70,000 dead and forced millions more to flee their homes.  Without American leadership, Iran and Russian will eagerly fill the vacuum. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-without-us-leadership-in-syria-iran-and-russia-will-eagerly-fill-vacuum
Recent media headlines that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has stopped cooperating with investigators after being mirandized should come as no surprise. This development only reinforces that the Obama Administration's misguided rush to criminalize terrorist investigations comes at the expense of our national security. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-presidents-misguided-rush-to-criminalize-terrorist-investigations-comes-at-expense-of-national-security
Majority Leader Harry Reid's amendment to offset sequestration for this year is budget cowardice on the backs of our warfighters. http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-reids-amendment-is-budget-cowardice-on-the-backs-of-our-warfighters
I was overjoyed to learn of the release of Pastor Hamzah who was being held under false pretenses in a Kurdistan prison. Dr. Law worked tirelessly to help free Pastor Hamzah and it was an honor to be of assistance in this effort.  Pastor Hamzah's story though is all too familiar in the Arab region where Christianity is the minority religion and many believers suffer from imprisonment, physical abuse, or even execution in the name of so-called blasphemy laws.  As we celebrate Pastor Hamzah's release, may we also pray for our brothers and sisters in that region who are facing great persecution for their faith. http://youtu.be/sUUk9zX8-AM
On Friday I was pleased to host Assistant Secretary of Defense Sharon Burke in Broken Arrow, Okla. to announce a contract award to L-3 Westwood for their Load Demand Start Stop (LDSS) microgrid system. The LDSS system will reduce fuel usage by up to 50 percent, reduce overall maintenance cost, enhance combat capability, and lessen combat risk of our troops overseas. At a time when our Defense Department is facing unprecedented budget cuts, this technology will be key to improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our military. I am proud of the work L-3 Westwood is doing and the fact that workers in Oklahoma will be directly responsible for reducing risk to our service men and women.  
 
 http://www.tulsaworld.com/article.aspx/L3_Westwood_of_Broken_Arrow_gets_defense_contract_for/20130420_16_A18_CUTLIN316814
Foreign Policy today published an op-ed I co-authored with Sen. Bob Corker regarding the Obama Administration's failure to support its own nuclear modernization promises. I hope you'll take a moment to read:  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/oped/off-to-a-bad-start
It was an honor to host Undersecretary of the Army Dr. Joe Westphal, members of The Lawton Fort Sill Chamber of Commerce, and Army officials  this morning to discuss challenges our military and the local community will face with sequestration.
On this day 18 years ago, Oklahomans' lives were changed forever when we lost 168 of our own in the horrific bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. We will never forget the individuals lost that day nor the kindness and generosity that poured in from all over the nation. Today as Oklahomans reflect and honor those who died as well as the heroes who helped in the rescue and recovery efforts, we also extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims and families in Boston and those in West, Texas. We live in a great nation, one that endures and unifies in the throes of unspeakable tragedy and trials of many kinds, to offer unconditional support, assistance, and love to help each other rise from the ashes.
Congratulations are in order for another one of my field representatives! Brian Hackler and his wife welcomed their son William this morning.
Many efforts were made today to address gun violence, but a majority of the restrictions presented were all predicated on one assumption that some how we think that the criminal element will single out this one law to comply with. Instead amendments such as the one to ban assault weapons and another to expanded the gun background check system would have only further restricted firearms for law-abiding Oklahomans. We can and should reduce violent crime in our nation, and we can do so without compromising our Constitutional rights. This is why I cosponsored and voted for a common-sense substitute amendment that would have placed the focus on enforcing current firearm laws, addressing mental health illness in our nation, and providing adequate resources to prosecute criminals and prevent them from attaining guns.  We have a historic privilege in the United States to exercise our right to keep and bear arms. As my liberal friends continue this battle on into next week, I will also continue the fight to prevent passage of any legislation that relinquishes citizens' Second Amendment rights.
Congratulations to my field representative Cale Walker and his wife on the birth of their son, Mac. He was born a healthy 7lbs 1 oz on Sunday. The first picture I received of Mac already had him sporting an OSU outfit!
Today in my op-ed in The Hill, I call on the President to get serious about challenges facing our military. Syphoning defense funding away to fuel an astounding growth in government programs is significantly undermining the future reach of our military has left zero-margin for uncertainty or strategic surprise. Our nation has a mismatch between the missions and capabilities we expect our Armed Forces to maintain and the budget resources provided to them. We can and must work this out, but to get there the President must set aside political posturing and finally get serious about working with Congress to find a lasting solution to the many challenges facing our military. The men and women in uniform deserve nothing less.  http://thehill.com/special-reports-archive/1513-defense-and-cybersecurity-april-2013/294313-president-obama-must-get-serious-about-challenges-facing-the-military#ixzz2Qj4AArGp
My prayers and those of all Oklahomans are with those who lost loved ones and those who were injured after the malicious and cowardly attacks in Boston. We owe a debt of gratitude to our heroic first responders and others on the scene who in the midst of uncertainty rushed to help those in need.   The tragic events in Boston come nearly 18 years to the day after the terrorist attack on the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City.  These horrific events remind us all that we live in a dangerous world that requires us to remain vigilant in defending our country against threats both at home and abroad.  Those who perpetrated this act of terror must be found and brought to justice.
I applaud the Services’ decision to restore tuition assistance in full for our active-duty military members, an earned benefit many rely on to improve their quality of life and pursue leadership opportunities. One of the top reasons men and women join our all-volunteer military is for the opportunity to pursue higher education, and it is important we keep this promise to those who have sacrificed greatly for our freedoms. I appreciate Sen. Hagan for joining me on this effort and for the bipartisan support in Congress to reinstate the tuition assistance program. http://normantranscript.com/new/x63034575/Inhofe-andHagan-applaud-restart-of-Tuition-Assistance-Program
As senior member of the Environment and Public Works Committee, I had the opportunity yesterday to question Gina McCarthy in her nomination hearing to head the EPA. While her response to my questions were underwhelming, I will continue to push for answers from Ms. McCarthy in the weeks to come. One of the issues I plan to follow up on is the EPA's action to overrule Oklahoma's Regional Haze State Implementation Plan. I spoke to Randy at the Tulsa World about my concerns, which can be read here: http://www.tulsaworld.com/article.aspx/Oklahoma_Sen_Jim_Inhofe_calls_White_House_nominee_for/20130412_16_A4_CUTLIN132201
President Obama's budget request is more of the same tax and spend policies we have seen over the last four years. Please take a moment to read my statement on the FY 2014 budget request he released earlier today.   http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/inhofe-statement-on-the-presidents-fy-2014-budget-request
Sen. Inhofe meets with community leaders from Enid, Oklahoma.
I would like to clarify the liberal press' spin on my recent comments regarding an important issue. My heart goes out to those who lost loved ones during the tragedy in Newtown, Connecticut. I am even more saddened that the President and the liberal press are using these families to leverage a bill in the Senate that would not have prevented their horrible loss. The legislation proposed, S. 649, is primarily about requiring universal background checks on all gun purchases. It is widely known that Adam Lanza stole the weapons his mother legally purchased and owned. Nancy Lanza complied with all federal and state laws when purchasing her firearms, and furthermore, nothing in S. 649 would have prevented her from purchasing these weapons. We must remember that S. 649 is about gun-control, and not gun-violence. Injecting these mourning families into the debate on a bill that wouldn’t change the outcome of this horrible tragedy is indefensible.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/09/james-inhofe-guns-newtown_n_3046969.html
Today the world lost a transformative leader and inspirational woman in Margaret Thatcher. Thatcher's influence on economic policy, democracy, and freedom brought about a wealth of opportunities for millions. May her conservative legacy live on.   "The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money." - former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher (Oct. 13, 1925 – April 8, 2013)
Before catching my flight to Washington this morning, I spoke with KFAQ's The Pat Campbell Show on North Korea and my trip to the U.S.-Mexico border: http://www.1170kfaq.com/podcasts/patcampbell/201922761.html
The U.N. Arms Trade Treaty that just passed in the General Assembly today would require the United States to implement gun-control legislation as required by the treaty, which could supersede the laws our elected officials have already put into place. Recently 53 Senators went on the record voting in favor of my amendment to stop the State Department from negotiating this treaty. It's time the Obama Administration recognizes it is already a non-starter, and Americans will not stand for internationalists limiting and infringing upon their Constitutional rights. Furthermore, this treaty could also disrupt diplomatic and national security efforts by preventing our government from assisting allies like Taiwan, South Korea, or Israel when they require assistance. I will continue to work with my colleagues Sens. Moran, Manchin, and others to ensure the American people's voices are heard and that this treaty is not ratified.
Yesterday, I toured the U.S.-Mexico border with Customs and Border Patrol to get a first-hand account of the issues that need to be addressed to properly secure the border. Before the Senate considers immigration reform legislation, it is imperative to hear from our front-line defenders what tools they need to protect the homeland. Please take a moment to watch my interview from the border with Wolf Blitzer on The Situation Room.  http://youtu.be/uDVbkX1mUFA
I spoke with CNN's Wolf Blitzer earlier regarding my tour today on the Texas-Mexico border. Tune in at 4:28PM CST for the interview.
"And they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments: And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto them, Why seek ye the living among the dead? He is not here, but is risen..." Luke 24 - Happy Easter to you and your loved ones.
Last week, in the final minutes of voting on amendments to the Senate Budget Resolution, I pushed through an amendment to prevent the United States from entering into the U.N. Arms Trade Treaty, which is currently being negotiated by the Obama Administration. Fifty-three Senators went on the record supporting my amendment, which is a referendum on the Administration's attempt to infringe upon Americans' constitutional rights.   I've also now joined my colleagues Sens. Marco Rubio, Rand Paul, Mike Lee, and Ted Cruz in an ongoing effort to protect the 2nd Amendment. You can read more about it here: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2013/03/29/rubio-inhofe-join-group-threatening-to-filibuster-gun-control-bill/
I had the opportunity to give my Washington update this morning at the Bixby Chamber of Commerce and introduce my Oklahoma colleague, Congressman Jim Bridenstine.
Thanks to the Oklahoma City Chamber for hosting me yesterday to discuss how federal taxes and regulations are affecting job creation and economic opportunities for Oklahomans.
This afternoon, I joined United Health Group and their CEO Steve Hemsley for the announcement of 140 new pharmacist technician jobs coming to Oklahoma City.
I had the privilege this morning of talking with and taking questions from 450 students at Guthrie Job Corps. Thanks Priscilla Mayberry, the Job Corps director, for hosting me, and to Guthrie's Mayor Chuck Bertcher for the warm welcome.
Early this morning the Senate passed a budget for the first time in four years. You can read my statement here.    http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=97cb9e58-d6da-212e-1f0b-f70fa0d5d372
Last evening I voted for and the Senate passed an amendment to the Senate Budget that would repeal ObamaCare's medical device tax. This tax will cost manufactures roughly $194 million per month and potentially threaten the jobs of 43,000 Americans.  ObamaCare is filled with empty promises and higher taxes, and repeal of this burdensome tax is another step in a movement towards a full repeal of ObamaCare.
The final Senate Continuing Resolution (CR) included two important amendments that I was proud to see my colleagues rally to support. By adopting my amendment to delay enforcement of the EPA’s Spill, Prevention, Control and Countermeasure (SPCC) Rule, we have made the first step towards achieving a permanent exemption for farmers of this onerous regulation.   I am also pleased to see the Senate include my amendment to restore the military tuition assistance program. The program is critical to recruiting and retention efforts, and improves the lives of our men and women seeking leadership growth within the military or those transitioning back into the civilian workforce.  Unfortunately, these small victories were mixed into a bill fraught with problems, and therefore I had to ultimately vote against the final passage of the Continuing Resolution. One of the many concerns I had was that the CR failed to address critical budget shortfalls for the Department of Defense. It is time we end this crisis mode in Washington, and I hope that as we approach the budget debate we can look more responsibly at how to reduce wasteful, big-government spending while prioritizing and supporting our national security.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8a0b0ce5-e55f-a12c-7dab-2a0c4e7708b1
For 51 years, members of the Altus, Ok community have been coming to Washington, D.C. to show their support for the U.S. Air Force.
For months, I have been calling for President Obama and his Administration to hold President Morsi accountable for failing to promote promised democracy in Egypt and for the instability in the region. After several attempts to engage the Administration to halt our F-16 delivery, I introduced legislation in January to suspend the shipment of these top-of-the-line military aircrafts and other military equipment to Egypt.  I have now presented this as an amendment to the Senate’s Continuing Resolution, and am also supporting my colleague Sen. Rand Paul’s similar amendment to conditionally withhold all foreign aid funding to Egypt. We both agree that any support to Egypt must be reconsidered until President Morsi agrees to abide by the Camp David Peace Accords, which has kept the peace between Egypt and Israel for more than 30 years. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6ebedb35-0c1d-67a5-e013-4c8691d67bfd&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Glad to see the Senate unanimously adopt my amendment to the Senate Continuing Resolution that will delay the EPA from enforcing the onerous SPCC rule against farmers. The SPCC rule forces farmers to comply with oil spill regulations that were designed for refineries. Instead, the rule will bog down farmers with volumes of paperwork and excessive new expenses for new storage equipment. My amendment will protect farmers from the EPA's rule for an additional four months, and, in the mean time, I'll be working hard to gain support of my bill, S.496, to permanently exempt farmers. http://www.oklahomafarmreport.com/wire/news/2013/03/06053_InhofeResolution03152013_174153.php?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=twitter#.UUdgo1t377V
I spoke with FOX & Friends this morning about the recent abrupt termination of the military tuition assistance program. Last night, Sen. Hagan and I offered amendment 72 to the Senate Continuing Resolution to stop its termination and prevent these funds from being decreased below the amount provided in the CR. Higher education is one of the top reasons why our men and women join and remain in our nation's all-volunteer military force. Let's cut Obama's green agenda out of the Defense budget instead -- that's more money than the entire cost of providing educational opportunities to our active-duty military. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgHJTvv8a7U&feature=share&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
Earlier this morning I joined Senators Ted Cruz, Mike Lee and Rand Paul in a press conference to discuss our amendment to the Continuing Resolution that would defund ObamaCare. My conservative colleagues and I in the Senate will not relent on our efforts to put an end to this destructive law.
 
 http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=63bce834-ec5d-d468-c304-443752c930bf&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Last week, Chairman Levin and I sent a letter to Defense Secretary Hagel expressing our concerns for the new Distinguished Warfare Medal, commonly called the Drone Medal. Giving this medal precedence above the Bronze Star and Purple Heart is a dishonor to our men and women who have risked their very lives serving in direct combat. Despite Hagel's original stance that the medal's ranking should remain, Assistant Secretary of Defense Liz King notified our Committee that Hagel has asked the Joint Chiefs to reconsider its ranking. I spoke with Jake Tapper of CNN on this issue yesterday: http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/world/2013/03/12/tsr-dnt-tapper-hybrid-drone-award.cnn
The President is playing politics with public safety by closing contract air traffic control towers across Oklahoma. The post-sequestration FAA operations budget is still nearly $200 million more than it was when President Obama came into office. It is difficult to understand how a 5% cut in the FAA budget brought on by sequestration can result in the shutting of all contract towers nationwide. My bill S.16 would have brought flexibility to how the across-the-board sequester cuts were administrated and would have mitigated situations such as this. Unfortunately, the President threatened a veto of my bill. I will continue to work with my colleagues in the Senate to find solutions to avoiding the most damaging effects of sequestration, and am determined to hold this Administration accountable for the way it implements the budget cuts.  http://newsok.com/faa-plans-to-close-air-traffic-control-towers-at-six-of-oklahomas-airports/article/3764842
One of the top reasons Soldiers choose to enlist is the benefit of Tuition Assistance (TA). I am concerned that this benefit was abruptly suspended Friday and I am looking into this decision to ensure our Soldiers continue to receive the benefits they fought for and earned.   http://www.armytimes.com/news/2013/03/army-army-to-suspend-tuition-assistance-030813/
Despite being a long-serving veteran of the Central Intelligence Agency, I could not support John Brennan's nomination as the next director of the CIA. I continue to have concerns over Mr. Brennan's support of trying in our federal courts terror suspects captured on the battlefield.  These are enemy combatants, and we have established competent military tribunals to try these individuals in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Furthermore, he has advocated for closing this detention facility, a move that would transfer dangerous enemy combatants and terrorists to American prisons right in our backyards. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=471fba2d-b8e6-43b0-0de7-2f075dda54b5
Last night’s effort by Sen. Rand Paul was a reminder that the Obama Administration continues to put forth controversial nominees and is failing on another campaign promise to bring transparency to the White House. Similar to Paul's 13 hours on the floor, I led the effort to block the nomination of Chuck Hagel for 13 days. Not only did I believe that he was the wrong person for the job, but this nomination was another demonstration where our leaders were failing to disclose vital information. If more Members had come in support of my efforts with Hagel, we could have stopped the most controversial Secretary of Defense nomination in our nation's history.   As my colleagues asked for last night on the Senate floor, we need more clarity from the White House on their drone policy. I strongly oppose the use of armed drones on innocent Americans. This is an important debate which is a result of the President's nomination of John Brennan to head the CIA. Whether through filibuster or blocking nominees, I will do whatever it takes to force this White House to be more transparent and held accountable.  As a member of the Intelligence Committee, I look forward to working with my colleagues to protect the Constitutional rights of all Americans.
National Defense has never been about politics for me; but sadly, this President  continues his dangerous pursuit to downsize American Forces at the most dangerous and timultuous times in recent history. I appreciate James Carafano's piece in the Washington Examiner about my record on defense.   I hope you'll take a moment to read: http://washingtonexaminer.com/james-carafano-jim-inhofe-for-the-defense/article/2523004.
Today, President Obama nominated Gina McCarthy to be the next Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). As head of EPA's Air office, McCarthy oversaw some of the agency's most costly and controversial rules, like the Utility MACTS. That said, as we approach her confirmation process in the Senate, I look forward to sitting down and talking with her to find common ground as I did with Lisa Jackson.   As Ranking Member of the EPW Oversight Subcommittee, my priority is to ensure that EPA follows sound science and accurate cost-benefit analysis to ensure government’s encroachment into entrepreneurship and American ingenuity is instructed by facts and not political gamesmanship.  This will be among the key issues I aim to address with McCarthy and an area I hope we can reach agreement.
My bill with Sen. Toomey  will help to mitigate the devastating impacts of Obama's sequestration. Unfortunately, President Obama made a veto threat on my bipartisan-supported bill to keep it from passing the Senate. He is unnecessarily putting at risk millions of federal civilian jobs in an attempt to force even more tax increases on hardworking Americans. Tune in here to my interview with KRMG about this topic:   http://www.krmg.com/news/news/local/sequestration-affect-thousands-oklahoma-familys-pa/nWdZ3/
I just finished speaking with KJRH-TV while on a visit to McAlester. We discussed how sequestration could affect MCAAP and the surrounding community. Tune in tonight at 5PM CST.
I applaud my Democratic colleagues who stepped across the aisle today to vote for my bill despite a veto threat from the President. My number one goal all along has been to avert defense cuts, but until we find that solution, we must at least give our military leaders the ability to mitigate the devastating impacts of these arbitrary across-the-board cuts. At the end of the day, my concern is for the men and women in uniform. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=22e0e586-e9ed-c84c-bbae-d414b317ef88
The President has issued a veto threat on the sequestration flexibility bill Sen. Toomey and I introduced today. It's clear the President is concerned about the bill because he knows this is the bipartisan solution that places the onus on him to mitigate the devastating impacts of sequestration cuts he set into motion this year. This veto threat simply continues the sad and broken narrative of President Obama that the only way to protect our national security and critical federal services is by asking hardworking Americans to pay more taxes. But sequestration is not about taxes. Sequestration is a law solely focused on cutting federal spending, and that must be the focus of this debate. http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=222cbfcd-9e86-bdeb-249b-480d8317a03a
Today I introduced a bill with Sen. Pat Toomey to mitigate the impact of sequestration cuts by giving flexibility to the Office of Management and Budget for how the cuts are implemented. This bill allows the President to listen to the advice of his military leadership and, in a manner consistent with the FY’13 National Defense Authorization Act, offset some of the devastating impacts of sequestration with modest reductions to lower priority programs. It will also ease the necessity and duration of furloughs and help prevent millions of taxpayer dollars from being wasted over contract terminations costs. This bill is not the substitute for fixing sequestration and putting a stop on further defense cuts. However, until that solution is found, this bill would make a potentially devastating situation a little more manageable.   More on my bill here: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=21d5911e-d7e3-46fd-53b3-f2123e1a084c&Region_id=&Issue_id=
As Congress contemplates new restrictions on the Second Amendment, we must not fall into the trap of hastily adopting proposals that offer no additional safety. I hope that you will take a moment to read my opinion piece in the Oklahoman.   http://newsok.com/inhofe-enforcing-current-laws-is-crucial-in-gun-debate/article/3759329
I will be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6 p.m. EST with my colleague Sen. Toomey to discuss the latest on sequestration.
Three days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. At a time when terrorism remains a real and growing threat, Congress must determine the right person to lead the DoD by reviewing the person’s fundamental view of America’s role in the world and the person’s assessment of the military required to support the role. From reviewing Hagel’s Senate record on the issue of terrorism, these characteristics come into question. In 2007, he voted against a resolution designating Iran’s Revolutionary Guards Corps – a group responsible for killing American soldiers in the Middle East – a terrorist organization. In 2006, he was one of 12 Senators who refused to petition the EU to identify Hezbollah as a terrorist group. In 2003, he failed to vote on the Syrian Accountability Act authorizing sanctions on Syria for its support of terrorism and occupation of Lebanon.  On Monday, the Senate will return to revisit Hagel’s nomination. I hope the extra time voted to review his record has provided the necessary means for Senators to make a very critical decision on the future of our military and national security.
Make no mistake; a vote for cloture is a vote to confirm Sen. Hagel as next Secretary of Defense: http://freebeacon.com/inhofe-warns-gop-over-hagel-vote/
Four days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. As I shared in the former Senator’s nomination hearing, one of my greatest concerns is his record on Iran. In 2001, he was only one of two Senators who voted against a bill extending appropriate sanctions against Iran. Astonishingly, only a year later he urged the Bush administration to support Iran’s membership in the World Trade Organization. On multiple occasions he has advocated for direct negotiations with Iran, a regime that continues to repress its people, doggedly pursue a nuclear weapons capability, and employ terrorist proxies to threated the security of Israel and the region. Senior Iranian officials have repeatedly stated Israel should be “wiped off the map,” and are now only two short years away from having the capability to do so. The next Secretary of Defense must be consistent, resolute and credible in opposing this dangerous Iranian regime. In light of Hagel’s history, I find it critical at least 60 Senators feel they can stand in support of his nomination.
Five days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. When it comes to Hagel’s controversial position on Israel, our greatest ally in the Middle East, is it too much to ask for a 60-vote threshold for his nomination? In 2000, Hagel was one of four Senators who refused to sign a letter to then-President Clinton affirming America’s solidarity with Israel in the face of Palestinian aggression. From his comments on Al-Jazeera TV to once calling himself “not the Senator from Israel,” his record is alarming and sends a concerning message to our allies and adversaries. While he has walked-back or totally reversed some of his positions in recent weeks, Senators should be given ample time to review his resume. My hope is those Senators who opposed Hagel last week will not change.
Six days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on Hagel as the next Secretary of Defense. There are also only 12 days left until the very department he could lead is subjected to $492 billion in cuts, bringing defense budget cuts to more than $1 trillion since the President took office. Hagel told the Financial Times in late 2011 that the Department of Defense is “bloated” and the Pentagon needs to be “pared down.” Yet Sec. Panetta has said the impact of upcoming additional defense cuts would be “catastrophic” and “devastating” to our military. Gen. Dempsey recently testified before Congress that he couldn’t afford “one more dollar” if the military is to maintain its current mission. Why was Sen. Reid so rushed to get Sen. Hagel confirmed? Congress must ensure we put into place a Secretary of Defense ready to work together to avert a hollowed out military and compromised national security. I am hoping those Senators who opposed Hagel last week will not change.
Seven days until the Senate reconvenes to vote on the controversial nominee, former Sen. Chuck Hagel, to Secretary of Defense. More time has been necessary to vet someone who refuses to remove his name from the Global Zero document that clearly encourages global nuclear disarmament. The report does not fully support even the President's commitment to nuclear modernization. At a time when North Korea's belligerent actions threaten our allies with their nuclear capabilities, the security of our own nation and that of our allies requires us to be vigilant with our own nuclear weapons and defense systems.
I will be on C-SPANs Washington Journal at 8:30AM CST this morning to discuss the State of the Union. You can watch live here, http://cs.pn/e1vwvH
I hope you will take a moment to watch my response to the President's State of the Union address last night: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxFXuOyc2cU
On FOX America's Newsroom this morning, I reiterated my request for a 60 vote threshold to confirm Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense.   The Joint Chiefs of Staff testified this morning that the United States is currently facing more national security threats than ever before. The role of Secretary of Defense will be critical to maintaining a national defense that does not leave the U.S. vulnerable to countries like Iran or North Korea. It is not too much to ask that the incoming Secretary of Defense be confirmed with 60 votes rather than 51. This has been done numerous times in the recent past, and no time could be more important than now. I hope Majority Leader Reid will understand just how important this is and require 60-votes for confirming Sen. Hagel as Secretary of Defense.  http://bit.ly/V3Jxf8
I'll be on FOX America's Newsroom at 8:15AM CST to give the latest update on the Sec Def nomination of Hagel.
Sec. Panetta and Gen. Dempsey admitted during the hearing what many of us have known all along: it was immediately apparent to the Obama Administration that the deadly assault on our Benghazi annex was unequivocally a coordinated terrorist attack.  We now know there was unanimous consensus among the President’s most senior national security officials about this fact, yet the White House willingly chose to mislead the American public and cover up the true nature of the attack for weeks. 
 
 It is unconscionable that four Americans had to die before this Administration realized its counterterrorism strategy in North Africa is under-resourced and failing.  In the months leading up to the attacks, our witnesses made clear the threats emanating from Libya against U.S. and Western interests were well known at the highest levels of the government.  But the warning signs went unheeded. With the growing unrest in North Africa, the Obama Administration must get serious about having a properly resourced, effective counterterrorism strategy to ensure this doesn't happen again.
I remain unconvinced that the President wants to solve sequestration, so I joined Sen. Ayotte and Chairman McKeon on a reasonable, common-sense solution to meet the immediate challenges of sequestration for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2013. This is accomplished by creating $85 billion in savings through natural attrition in the federal workforce, and without ever touching defense cuts or hiking taxes. The bill would also provide flexibility within the defense budget by granting the Secretary of Defense the authority to allocate funding under the current continuing resolution.  It's time the President puts political posturing aside and finally gets serious about working with Congress to find a lasting solution to sequestration. The men and women in uniform deserve nothing less.   http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=b76b70e2-e0d6-4173-464a-646f6716cdfb  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54Q-V8XDIVg&feature=share&list=UUk3W3ilX8vGG-300qzNpG7w
I am disappointed that the President failed to deliver his budget today as required by law. The President can keep blaming Congress in his speeches for our fiscal crisis, but today is proof that he himself is failing to lead since it is clearly easier to keep spending when no budgetary restrictions are established. Furthermore, he could be using this budget to fix sequestration and avert the looming devastating impacts to our national security and military readiness. I am dedicated to working with my colleagues in Congress to ensure we are wisely cutting wasteful federal spending and restoring fiscal sanity in Washington.
NA
Today I introduced legislation to conditionally suspend military sales to Egypt, including the F-16s. Please take a moment to read about it in full here: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=92ea0204-0337-bf51-e5fc-fa7665255fb6
WATCH LIVE: Sen. Inhofe conducts hearings of Chuck Hagel's nomination to Secretary of Defense. http://1.usa.gov/XLLWoV
Why I voted no for Sen. Kerry as the next Secretary of State: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=88a7e2c6-e6f3-97ab-b976-efc877cbb02e&Region_id=&Issue_id=
This week, I personally spoke with each of the service chiefs, and the resounding message I've heard is that doing nothing to fix defense sequestration is unacceptable and will result in long-term damage to military readiness and capabilities. I will do everything in my power to see these defense cuts averted, and am working with my colleagues to find a legislative solution.
ICYMI: Last night I spoke with FOX's Hannity on the Administration's short-sighted decision to move forward with the delivery of F-16s to Egypt: http://nation.foxnews.com/sen-jim-inhofe/2013/01/28/state-department-refuses-delay-delivery-f16s-egypt
The President knowingly tested the limits when making his controversial "recess" appointments last year, and I applaud the U.S. Court of Appeals' recent ruling that reaffirms his actions were unconstitutional. http://1.usa.gov/W9gi98
The Washington Post ran my op-ed on why Hagel is the wrong man for Secretary of Defense. I hope you'll take a moment to read: http://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/chuck-hagel-is-the-wrong-man-to-be-defense-secretary/2013/01/25/3cad74e8-671d-11e2-85f5-a8a9228e55e7_story.html
If the administration will stop obstructing energy exploration and production in America, we could be well on our way to energy independence and much-needed economic growth. I sent a letter asking Sec. Chu to stand behind the findings of the National Economic Research Associates Economic Consulting report which outlines the public benefits of exporting Liquid Natural Gas (LNG): http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=69261112-b133-c805-b011-af15078abf26&Region_id=&Issue_id=
Yesterday I had the privilege of speaking with over a hundred Oklahomans here for the March for Life rally in D.C. Our nation was founded on the rights of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," yet we have snuffed out more than 54 million American lives since Roe v. Wade. The Obama Administration's abortion mantra of a women's right to choose has instead cost us the lives of hundreds of thousands of more females in our society who were robbed of their constitutional right to life at their most vulnerable state. I was proud to see such a diverse crowd in yesterday's Oklahoma group, young and old of all different backgrounds. Today and every day, I stand with these men, women, and children who march to recognize the sanctity of life.
Yesterday I received a briefing from the Pentagon on Sec. Panetta’s plan to review women in combat roles. As the incoming Ranking Member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I'll be closely monitoring this initiative to ensure any changes are in the best interest of our men and women serving on the front lines:  http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=6e3ea55a-f207-2c35-9187-f03f4d77f6b9
My response to the Defense Department's plans related to women in combat: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=698d68ad-f2eb-8cc6-2ae2-3027ab35fee7
I am alarmed and disappointed in the Obama Administration’s decision to decline my request to delay delivery of F-16s to Egypt for further consideration. The original F-16 agreement was forged under a different Egyptian leadership two years ago.  The country’s new leadership has a history of abominable hostility towards our ally, Israel, and support of radical terrorists. Just in September, the President was saying we could no longer consider the Egyptian government an ally.  Why then is the Obama Administration knowingly providing them now with top-of-the-line military equipment? Once again, I call on the Administration to reconsider further F-16 deliveries until Egypt can establish a democratic parliament and ensure stability and peace for its people and the region. http://freebeacon.com/egypt-to-receive-f-16s/
An estimated 1 million people attended President Obama's second inauguration.  To put that into perspective, 1.2 million lives have been lost per year for the past 40 years since Roe v Wade.
During a recent Congressional Delegation trip overseas that included stops in Asia and Africa, I was pleased to be joined by USAID Administrator Dr. Raj Shah in Ethiopia.  We toured Project Mercy, a USAID/Ethiopia-supported non-government organization (NGO) 80 miles southwest of Addis Ababa.  This wonderful organization is working to break the cycle of famine and poverty through its relief and community development model that includes health care, education, skill training, and infrastructure development, just to name a few.
Our Founders believed that the people’s right to own guns was an important check on the powers of the government and ‘necessary to the security of a free State.’ Please take a moment to read my full response on the President's announcement today on guns: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=44c9deb4-d273-7821-fa63-ac7f2afc4058
I will be talking with Brian Williams of NBC News immediately following the noon EST press conference on President Obama's gun control proposals.
“Although we are opposed on issues, we are still friends.  This is one of those rare times when policy differences don’t stand in the way of personal relationships."  http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=408db8e7-94d0-3fc1-43cf-5ea21a20e624
On my Congressional Delegation trip to Asia, we stopped in Hawaii for briefings with the leadership of U.S. Pacific Command, and I also had the opportunity to lay a wreath at the USS Oklahoma Memorial at Pearl Harbor. It was an honor to pay tribute to those who lost their lives in service to their country while on board this battleship and to meet more of our veterans and their family members. 
 http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=21325c29-947a-507d-6744-f5e025744af1&Region_id=&Issue_id=
The recognition of Altus Air Force Base as a prime candidate to station the new KC-46A tanker is a major accomplishment for the base, the Altus community, and the Air Force as a whole: http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=2129736e-ba92-bc59-0c87-8346f03f4246
By settling taxes independently in the fiscal cliff deal, it can no longer be a bargaining chip for President Obama and congressional Democrats to use — as they have in the past — when negotiating spending cuts. Now as we enter the debt limit debate, my conservative colleagues and I will be fighting to secure meaningful spending reductions and program reforms that permanently improve the direction of our national budget. I hope you will take a moment to read more about my position on this topic in my Oklahoman op-ed today: http://newsok.com/sen.-jim-inhofe-gop-now-in-a-stronger-position/article/3744227/?page=1
On an Asia Pacific Congressional Delegation tour of military capabilities and new strategic initiatives.  Here are my thoughts on Obama's nominations of former Senator Chuck Hagel and John Brennan to head the DOD and CIA respectively.  http://www.inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=16280f35-f632-d466-c33b-add5aef8e149
I am proud to have Hobby Lobby based in the great state of Oklahoma. Don't forget to support this great company today for Hobby Lobby Appreciation Day: http://blog.heritage.org/2013/01/04/hobby-lobby-appreciation-day-stand-up-for-religious-freedom/
It was an honor today to receive an unanimous vote by my Republican colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee to be their next Ranking Member in the 113th Congress: http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=0779b300-f4eb-2acd-e1ec-fcf8329ea988
NA
Just shortly after the New Year, the Senate passed a measure to extend the Bush tax cuts for 99 percent of Americans.  http://inhofe.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=PressRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=f4f5f174-bdc9-4fb9-de41-c09284051ad2
