An excerpt from this week's Wicker Report: "The Christmas season is a wonderful time to help families in need. We can be proud of Mississippi’s enduring reputation for generosity – around the holidays and throughout the year.  In October, a new report by the Chronicle of Philanthropy found that our state again has one of the highest rates of charitable giving in the nation, second only to Utah."
Yesterday, I voted against the confirmation of Vivek Murthy for Surgeon General. The Surgeon General’s job is to help inform the public on health and wellness issues, not to lead political crusades against the Second Amendment or to promote Obamacare. Dr. Murthy lacks the experience necessary to carry out the duties of this office.
The Senate has passed my bill to create a nationwide electronic duck stamp. Utilizing technology makes attaining a duck stamp more efficient and cost-effective for everyone. In addition to the convenience it provides to sportsmen, this proposal is important to conservation efforts, helping preserve both our country’s natural beauty and outdoors traditions.
An excerpt from this week's Wicker Report: "The Obama Administration should recognize that true success in Afghanistan will not be measured by the speed with which U.S. troops depart. This year’s democratic election of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and peaceful transition of power were significant steps toward a stable future. Likewise, civic participation is on the rise, as well as life expectancy and education, especially for women.  These gains were fought for by brave Americans, and it is imperative to protect them."
I am pleased that Congress is finally sending a defense authorization bill to the President’s desk. Passage of this legislation marks the culmination of a year’s worth of hard work to ensure our troops and military leaders have the tools they need to carry out their missions. To learn how this bill benefits Mississippi, click on the link below.
My deepest sympathies are with my friend Thad and his family. Gayle and I have known Rose since 1972. The Wicker, Cochran, and Clayton families have been friends for generations. We pray that God will continue to comfort the family during this difficult time.
Congress is expected to send to the president this week a defense policy bill that includes a provision that aims to reduce the number of suicides by members of the military. I am the lead cosponsor of this measure. Learn more by clicking the link below.
God's magnificent work is in full bloom this evening over D.C.
FEMA has announced that $3.9 million in funding is being made available to recoup the cost of tornado damage debris removal in Louisville and Winston County.
Hundreds of Mississippi families were affected by the fallout of the General Motors bailout, which slashed their hard-earned pensions and benefits. That is why I am supporting a bipartisan effort to extend the Health Coverage Tax Credit for eligible Delphi retirees.
Wicker Report | In proposing to lower the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for ground-level ozone, the Environmental Protection Agency is launching what could be its most expensive rulemaking to date.  According to a study done by the National Association of Manufacturers, the move would be devastating to the economy, slashing GDP by $3.4 trillion and costing 2.9 million jobs by 2040.
I applaud House passage of the “National Defense Authorization Act” (NDAA).  For the past 52 years, NDAA has served as a blueprint for America’s defense and national security interests, ensuring that our troops have the resources they need to fulfill their mission. Support for this legislation has had a longstanding history of broad bipartisan consensus, which the House demonstrated quite clearly today.
Wicker Report | Less than three weeks after the midterm elections, President Obama addressed the nation with a new plan on immigration.  Rather than building bipartisan support in Congress and the nation for comprehensive immigration reform, he announced he would use sweeping executive action to grant legal status to nearly five million illegal immigrants.
Wicker Report | One of the greatest blessings to remember this Thanksgiving is the gift of freedom, which brave Americans have fought for throughout our history. This year is an especially meaningful time to celebrate the enduring strength of liberty in America. Two hundred years ago, Francis Scott Key penned the patriotic poem that would later become the lyrics to our national anthem.
Watch my interview with David Muir on ABC News to get my reaction to the President's amnesty order.
On November 4, the American people voted for a change in Washington. President Obama has an obligation to honor their decision, not take matters into his own hands because he disliked the result.  This amnesty order undermines the rule of law and threatens our system of checks and balances. The President and his liberal allies in Washington have convinced themselves that we have an imminent deportation crisis. The reality is that we have a border security crisis.  No president has the authority to act unilaterally in this manner – something that the courts will surely determine. In the coming months, the new Republican Congress will look to use the power of the purse and the judicial system to rein in this executive overreach.
I just voted in favor of a bill to approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline. Unfortunately, the bipartisan measure failed to garner the 60 votes necessary to pass in the Senate. I am disappointed Senate Democrats continue to put politics and special interests above creating thousands of American jobs; however, I am optimistic that the Senate will approve the project next year under the new Republican majority.
Senator Cochran, Congressman Steven Palazzo, and I are pleased that the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation has awarded $28.8 million for three projects to restore areas along the Mississippi Gulf Coast affected by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Planted a tree in honor of #EmmettTill at the U.S. Capitol today. Important step to remember our history and build on the lessons we learned.
ICYMI | Watch my interview with Fox News' Maria Bartiromo yesterday on Sunday Morning Futures.
Wicker Report | Unfinished business is likely to control the agenda of the last few weeks of the 113th Congress, which has entered a work period commonly known as “lame duck.”  The session – which runs between Election Day and the beginning of the next Congress – is expected to cover a number of pressing priorities, from funding the government to fighting terrorism.
The United States should stand steadfast with the people of Hong Kong in their fight to exercise self-determination. This is an opportunity to speak with a unified American voice in support of universal freedom and democratic values. The Congress and the Obama Administration should act to ensure China honors its longstanding obligation under international law to maintain Hong Kong’s autonomy.
I am thankful for the confidence and the support of my colleagues. I intend to roll up my sleeves immediately to ensure that we have the resources available to preserve our Republican majority. This Senate Republican leadership team is ready to go to bat for the American people, and I am proud to be a part of it.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. We honor those who have risen to the challenge by serving in our armed forces. #VeteransDay #ThankYou
President Obama’s net neutrality plan would create uncertainty, discourage investment and innovation, and threaten the online experience that Americans rely on and enjoy. His regulatory proposal would undoubtedly be tied up in the court system for the foreseeable future. It is my hope that Chairman Wheeler will instead pursue a solution that follows the law and does not disrupt economic growth and job creation. We must work to keep the Internet free and open for everyone.
Attention college students: The deadline for spring internships in my Mississippi and DC offices is Nov. 15.  Apply now!
Wicker Report | Americans celebrate Veterans Day in many ways – from participating in community parades and patriotic tributes to saying a simple word of thanks to a service member. The right to cast a ballot on Election Day this month was just one reminder of how precious our freedom is and the importance of preserving it. On Veterans Day, we honor those who have risen to the challenge by serving in our armed services.
I congratulate Senator Cochran and Congressmen Harper, Nunnelee, and Palazzo on their wins tonight. It was a spirited campaign season, and I commend all those involved for participating in the democratic process, regardless of party or outcome.  Ronald Reagan once said, ‘The right to vote is the crown jewel of American liberties.’ Today, we demonstrated once again that America is the most vibrant democracy the world has ever known.
Wicker Report | The fall of the Berlin Wall remains one of the most iconic moments of the 20th century.  For nearly 30 years, the wall represented the great divide between communism and democracy.  On Nov. 9, 1989, the announcement that East Germans could travel to West Germany set into motion the wall’s demolition.  By 1991, the Soviet Union had collapsed, and the Cold War was over.
We are thrilled to welcome SeaPort Airlines to Tupelo Regional Airport.  Service to Memphis and Nashville begins today.
Wicker Report | President Obama wants Americans to believe that their lives have improved since he took office. In a September interview with “60 Minutes,” he deflected criticism about his record by referencing Ronald Reagan’s memorable line from a 1980 presidential debate with Jimmy Carter: “Are you better off than you were four years ago?” President Obama asserted that the country is “definitely better off” today than it was six years ago. Most Americans, however, disagree with this wishful thinking.
More than $43.5 million in federal grant awards have been approved to rebuild tornado-damaged Louisville and Winston County, including $34.5 million to support restoration of a plywood manufacturing plant.
I am leading an effort to call on the IRS to prevent tax refund fraud using stolen identities. Tax fraud directly harms millions of tax-paying Americans who play by the rules. The IRS has an obligation to make fraud reduction a top priority, in particular by identifying and holding those accountable who cheat the system by cheating honest taxpayers.
Wicker Report | Congress took steps earlier this year to provide farmers and ranchers across the country with a number of key program revisions. These new tools were included in a comprehensive “Farm Bill,” which was signed into law in February 2014. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) recently reported that progress has been made on “every (part) of the Farm Bill including risk management tools, farm loan programs, agricultural research, and disaster relief to farmers and ranchers.” But more work remains to be done.
Had a wonderful morning at Pontotoc's Science, Engineering, and Technology Day.  Congratulations to the high school Congressional Award winners, and thank you to the many inspiring 3rd graders I met today.
New Congressional Budget Office projections indicate that  #Obamacare will raise deficits by $131 billion.
The Administration should be speaking out more forcefully on behalf of the people of Hong Kong who are trying to exercise self-determination. This is a matter of importance not only to those people seeking to be free but also to the American people, who share these democratic values. We should not miss this opportunity to be on the right side of history. 
An additional $68.9 million for restoration projects on the Mississippi Gulf Coast has been announced.  The funds are part of Phase III of early restoration from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
Wicker Report | Local financial institutions in Mississippi and across the country are vital to our economic recovery.  They provide credit and capital to consumers and small businesses, which use it to create the majority of new jobs.  Burdensome rules that force these banks and credit unions to limit lending and devote significant resources to regulatory compliance pose obstacles to job creation and economic growth. 
Mississippians have done a great job of rebuilding and restoring the communities affected by the storms that ravaged our state in April. With continued support from federal and state agencies, I am confident that we will achieve a full recovery.
Applications are now being accepted for the 2015 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program.  I strongly encourage middle school and high school students to apply.  Click below for more details.
At the Small Craft Harbor in #Biloxi with the Mississippi Department of Marine Resources to get an update on seafood issues and blue crabs habitat-restoration projects.
Honored to receive the National Association of Manufacturer's Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence.
Congrats to Caledonia Elementary in Caledonia and St. James Catholic School in Gulfport for being recognized as National Blue Ribbon Schools Program for 2014!  #NBRS2014 
Senator Patrick Leahy  and I issued the following statement regarding the ongoing pro-democracy demonstrations in Hong Kong:  "We are distressed by the use of tear gas, pepper spray, and other such methods against peaceful demonstrators in Hong Kong. We urge the Hong Kong authorities to show restraint and engage in good-faith negotiations to resolve the situation.  Hong Kong’s position as Asia’s ‘world city’ is rooted in fundamental rights, including freedoms of peaceful assembly, expression, and the press. As democratically elected members of the United States Senate we stand united with the people of Hong Kong and support their aspirations for universal suffrage and full democracy."
Avectus Healthcare Solutions is adding 50 new jobs in Corinth. #MSWorks 
Wicker Report | I intend to press forward in the fight against muscular dystrophy. I joined this battle 13 years ago when a fellow Mississippian told me about his son’s diagnosis with Duchenne. Daunting challenges remain; however, the gains we have made hold the promise of even greater breakthroughs to come and, one day, a cure.
More than $1.95 million in new funding is coming to the City of Tupelo for tornado damage debris removal. This important funding represents another big step forward in our effort to restore and rebuild the city.
Had a great time at the grand opening of ROXUL today in Byhalia.  This new $160 million facility will employ approximately 150 hard-working Mississippians.  #MSworks
I have joined Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand and Thad Cochran in introducing legislation to award a posthumous Congressional Gold Medal to James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner – men who lost their lives in 1964 while campaigning for civil rights during Mississippi’s Freedom Summer.
Wicker Report | What should have been a routine approval process with America’s ally and largest trading partner has instead been ensnarled for six years in political tactics by the Obama Administration. Radical environmental groups have put pressure on the President to reject the project entirely. In response, he has repeatedly delayed a final decision, sidestepping any backlash from voters in an election year.
Passage of this legislation is an important victory in the fight against muscular dystrophy.
Over the course of the past few weeks, I have attended classified briefings and met with our military leaders regarding the threat that ISIS poses to the interests of the United States and our allies. I am convinced, more than ever, that this barbaric group needs to be destroyed.
Cory Booker and I have introduced a bill that would give local officials more control over the transportation planning process in their states and communities. 
Happy 67th birthday to the United States Air Force! Three generations of Air Force service in my family -- my father in WWII Army Air Corps, my son and I in the AF.
Honored to receive NFIB's Guardian of Small Business Award this morning. #smallbiz
American steel manufacturers should be safeguarded from imports that unfairly manipulate the market. Senator Cochran and I are urging the U.S. International Trade Commission to continue to support global trade policies that level the playing field for Mississippi’s steel industry.
Today, I introduced a bill that would require financial regulators to assess whether new rules are duplicative or inconsistent with existing regulations. Learn more about the “Financial Regulatory Clarity Act of 2014,” S. 2829, by clicking on the link below. 
NA
Honored to pin Mr. Mendell Thompson and his grandson Aaron at today's #AngelsinAdoption ceremony.
In response to the President’s address last week, Congress and the American people are now seeking specifics about the new ISIS strategy. I am hopeful that the new plan is strong enough and broad enough to be successful long-term. U.S. leadership and the projection of military might are critical to defeating these extremists.
The Administration’s carbon dioxide rule could be disastrous for our economy, particularly in Mississippi. A rule of this complexity requires an opportunity for those affected by the rule to voice their concerns. The EPA must be held accountable for this breathtaking regulatory overreach.
We need answers from the Obama Administration.  Watch my interview on msnbc this morning on ISIS.
Wicker Report | After a month of visiting with Mississippians, I returned to Washington with a clear picture of the concerns and challenges facing our state. I learned from meeting with small business owners and their employees that it is getting more difficult to make a living in America. I heard from our military leaders why defense cuts could negatively impact troop readiness. I spoke to new Job Corps graduates, who have prepared for skilled careers but enter an unpredictable job market.
Like most Americans, I distinctly remember where I was on September 11, 2001. That morning, I met with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld at the Pentagon.  I left shortly before the terrorists attacked, crashing planes into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.  Although the memories of 9/11 still weigh heavy on our hearts, we are also reminded of the countless acts of bravery and selflessness shown by first responders, the passengers on United Flight 93, and the members of our armed forces who protect us every day.  Today, we remain grateful for our freedoms and committed to the pursuit of a safer world.
ISIS poses a direct threat to the security of the United States, to our allies in Europe, and to stability in the Middle East. This barbaric group needs to be defeated and eliminated from the world stage.   For months, the President has downplayed this threat and has sent mixed messages to our enemies and our allies about our resolve. I look forward to the plan outlined by the President tonight finally replacing the Administration’s past policies of half-measures and disengagement. I hope the President will match his tough talk with action.
The Department of Transportation has awarded a $17.8 million grant for a collaborative initiative to support job growth by improving roadways in Claiborne, Franklin, and Jefferson counties. Improving these transportation routes is important to public safety and helps support economic growth in the region.
NA
Wicker Report | The world is looking to America for leadership. We must have a comprehensive strategy to confront both the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) as well as Vladimir Putin’s aggression in Ukraine. A key component of any such strategy is the military power of the United States and the resolve to project that power when necessary.
It was an honor to meet the Northeast Mississippi Community College ROTC in Booneville last night.
Wicker Report | As the situation in Iraq deteriorates, a radical offshoot of al-Qaeda is seeking to expand its influence. Known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the terrorist movement has launched a barbaric campaign of torture, mass executions, crucifixions, and beheadings. Its savagery is broadcast to the world through gruesome propaganda online, including the recently released video documenting the horrific murder of U.S. photojournalist James Foley.
Wicker Report | RESTORE is a crucial part of the recovery process, giving states the authority and flexibility to address their most critical needs.  In addition to environmental harm, the spill caused extensive economic damage along the Gulf Coast, devastating livelihoods and threatening the long-term way of life in our coastal communities.  RESTORE recognizes the complexity of the oil spill’s repercussions and will empower local leaders to be decision-makers in finding solutions. 
Congratulations to today's graduates of the Finch-Henry Job Corps Center in #Batesville! The Center is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. Terrific work being done by the people of Panola County.
It's been a great day touring Mississippi businesses.
Wicker Report | Throughout our state, the message is clear: Mississippi’s future is bright. We are leading the way in advanced health-care technologies, agricultural innovation, energy production, job creation, workforce training, and national security tactics. Our strong work ethic and community spirit have helped make the Magnolia State a beacon of free enterprise, commerce, and research.
I was pleased to attend the ribbon-cutting of the state’s newest community health center today in #Southaven. As a long-time champion of community-based health centers, I believe citizens in DeSoto County will benefit immensely from this new facility.
Terrific turnout for today's #Senatobia Rotary lunch! Now, I'm off to #Southaven to see the opening of their brand new Community Health Center. #NHCW2014
Taking the #ALSIceBucketChallenge at home in #Tupelo. I challenge two great athletes: Archie Manning & Jim Weatherly. One sings better than the other.
RESTORE Act funds are one step closer to be realized for those affected by the Deepwater Horizon disaster.
Wicker Report | Like many Americans, I am deeply troubled by the crisis along our country’s southwest border. Since October of last year, more than 50,000 unaccompanied minors have been intercepted while trying to enter the United States illegally, overwhelming U.S. immigration services and facilities. One report indicates that an estimated 90,000 children will attempt to cross the border this year.
Senator Thad Cochran and I are calling on the Obama Administration to expedite approval of project applications to export liquefied natural gas (LNG). One of the facilities awaiting a decision is the Gulf LNG Liquefaction Company in Pascagoula.  The company estimates that Department of Energy approval of its request could lead to approximately $8 billion in investment and the creation of numerous jobs for the region.  And yet, the Gulf LNG application has been pending with DOE since 2012.
Sen. Cochran and I encourage Mississippi high school juniors and seniors to apply for the United States Senate Youth Program. USSYP includes a trip to DC and college scholarship.  The deadline to apply is September 30th.  
I had a very productive meeting today with MS Farm Bureau leaders in Stoneville. Lots of discussion about the EPA's extreme overreach when it comes to the "Clean Water Act" and "Waters of the U.S." Learn more about what I am doing to stop the EPA's regulatory scheme: http://1.usa.gov/1mmVsML.
Wicker Report | A long-term transportation plan is still an immediate priority for lawmakers, who have a responsibility to address America’s backlog of infrastructure needs. 
This burdensome regulation would have significantly jeopardized the livelihoods of many hard-working farm families in Mississippi. Although I am pleased that the Labor Department will not force small farm operations to go along with these severe rules, our fight against Washington’s regulatory assault continues. To protect Mississippi’s vibrant agricultural tradition, we must continue to stand up to such government overreach.
I just voted in favor of a bill that puts veterans first. Although it will not change the culture of the VA overnight, Congress has provided a wide array of new tools to give Secretary McDonald what he needs to help restore faith in the system. For example, many Mississippi veterans will benefit from the provision that allows them to bypass long wait times and a broken claims process to receive care from non-VA facilities without needless delays. The bill now heads to the President for his signature.
Thanks to all of my staff members who participated in #SeersuckerThursday--a great tradition started by Senator Trent Lott.
Today, I voted against a partisan bill offered by Senate Democrats to allow the Obama Administration to spend $2.7 billion on the growing border crisis. The legislation, S. 2648, does not include a single policy reform. In its current form, this bill will do nothing to stem the tide of the tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors crossing our southern border. We cannot afford to simply throw $2.7 billion at a problem demanding real reform. Giving the President a blank check with no strings attached does not resolve this issue.
Last night, I voted in favor of a short-term highway funding bill that would ensure that critical transportation and infrastructure projects remain funded while Congress works to pass a long-term strategic plan.
I look forward to working with Secretary McDonald on reforming the VA to serve our nation’s veterans and their families. Secretary McDonald is taking the helm of the VA during an extremely tumultuous time. Reports of mismanagement and negligence at VA Medical Centers across the country continue to come to light. Veterans are simply not receiving the quality care that they so richly deserve, and a broken claims process has forced tens of thousands of veterans to wait months or even years for resolution. I am hopeful that Secretary McDonald will provide the necessary leadership to restore faith in the system.
The continued legal wrangling over the Deepwater Horizon disaster has created an environment of uncertainty and delays. Funding has not been released or even obligated for the final projects that have been selected under the ‘RESTORE Act.’ The 10-year prioritized project list has also been put on hold. I urge those involved with implementing the law, including the Restoration Council and the Treasury Department, to move forward with plans to establish a funding priority list, finalize the needed regulations, and complete a comprehensive plan to carry it out.
This is a major step toward improving research and treatment for the 100,000 Americans living with muscular dystrophy.
ICYMI | Here is my interview from this morning with John McArdle on CSPAN's Washington Journal.
Today, I joined Senator Thad Cochran and Congressman Steven Palazzo in welcoming a U.S. Air Force decision to rescind personnel restrictions on the 815th Tactical Airlift Squadron at Keesler Air Force Base. Moving forward, we will continue to fight the Air Force’s ill-conceived proposal to transfer the C-130Js from Keesler, which have served our military and the Gulf Coast well.
This bill would give Mississippi’s innovative health-care providers, like UMMC, the necessary tools for telehealth technology, improving the ways they serve their patients. Telehealth cuts down travel time and increases access to specialists for residents in many rural areas who do not live near these essential health-care resources.
I will be on CSPAN's "Washington Journal" with John McArdle at approx 6:45a CT tomorrow morning. I hope you can tune in!
The Court’s decision supports what I have said all along: President Putin and his cronies should have to pay for their politically-motivated and illegal seizure of Yukos – a privately owned company.
Wicker Report | The President may find it politically expedient to change the laws he disagrees with and to choose the ones he wants to obey. But overstepping the bounds of the Constitution is a direct affront to the integrity of our democracy and sets a dangerous precedent. As elected representatives of the American people, Congress is compelled to protect these cherished rights. Litigation to require that the President faithfully execute the law is important to keeping the Constitution’s separation of powers intact.
Just had the opportunity to meet with Mississippi's American Legion Auxiliary Girls Nation and American Legion Boys Nation "senators" today in DC.
I am delighted to hear that Ms. Ibrahim and her family are safely out of Sudan. I commend those officials at the State Department, as well as the Italian government, who worked day and night to negotiate their safe release. I look forward to welcoming the Ibrahim family to the United States.
From my Washington Times op-ed: "Instead of being forced to the sidelines, local officials deserve to have a direct role in developing solutions for the transportation needs in their communities."
The #MDCareAct is responsible for fueling research that has helped add an average of 10 years to the lives of those with Duchenne. This is just one example of how vital this legislation is to saving lives and improving treatments for those with muscular dystrophy.
The President is determined to wage an all-out war on coal – launching costly regulations that would have little effect on changing the climate. 
American workers need to be supplied with more effective means to find job training and support.  Removing bureaucratic hurdles for job seekers is one step toward a lasting economic recovery. This law will help thousands of Mississippians get the backing they need when looking for employment
Women, younger workers, and people seeking full-time jobs are worse off under #Obamacare.
Wonderful to meet up with the Durdin family from Senatobia, MS. We located an artifact from one of their ancestors in the Smithsonian Castle.
Wicker Report | Competition cannot flourish when the government is involved in setting mandates for benefits and controlling rates.  Without market-based reforms, consumers lose out on choice and cost.
NA
I joined the Paul Gallo Show this morning to discuss my human trafficking bill, border security, and executive overreach.  Click the link below to listen.
The growing crisis on our southern border warrants immediate action. This problem requires real reform, not a $3.7 billion blank check for the Obama Administration. The President’s mishandling of this problem – which he has seen coming for months – is well documented. It is incumbent upon Congress to find a solution.
The federal government doesn’t have the right to force Americans to violate their faith. The bill put forward by Senate Democrats is nothing more than a political charade, designed to falsely suggest to the American people that employers can deny their employees access to birth control. If enacted, this legislation would trample on the rights of people of faith. It would nullify the Court’s finding that closely-held, family-owned businesses should not be forced by the federal government to pay for emergency contraceptives if it would violate their owners’ sincerely held religious beliefs.
Wicker Report | No state in America is free from the stain of human trafficking – a rampant form of slavery that seems unimaginable in this day and age. Trafficking is not a problem faced only by faraway countries. It exploits thousands of men, women, and children in the United States each year. These innocent Americans are robbed of their basic freedom to live as they choose. #EndTrafficking
Join me in the fight to #EndTrafficking.
Fighting human trafficking within our borders will not completely eradicate the problem, which affects some 21 million people worldwide. We can, however, serve as a model for other countries to follow and better protect those here at home.
NA
I will be speaking on the Senate floor at approximately 10:10a CT to discuss my new #EndTrafficking bill. You can watch my speech LIVE by clicking on the link below.
Every state in America has been affected by human trafficking. Each year, thousands of people in this country – through no fault of their own – are forced into modern-day slavery and robbed of their basic freedoms. It is an ugly and evil crime that disproportionately affects women and young girls.
Under current law, the rights guaranteed by the Second Amendment are not being extended to law-abiding Americans who camp, hunt, or fish on Army Corps land. That is why I have introduced an amendment to the Sportsmen bill that would safeguard citizens’ constitutional freedom to keep and bear arms on Corps land.
Hopes that the economy would see a major rebound this year were dashed with the latest data from the Commerce Department.  The agency reported that economic output contracted by a staggering 2.9 percent during the first quarter of 2014. Boosting confidence – and ultimately economic growth – will require policies different from those put forward by the President and Senate Democrats.
Proud to meet with troops at Ramstein AB yesterday. Great to be back on American soil for #IndependenceDay!
Americans should not be forced to decide between their faith and their health insurance. Today’s decision is a victory for the First Amendment and the religious freedom it guarantees to every American.
Wicker Report | Capable and ready workers are a major factor when businesses look to invest and locate in Mississippi. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act can help build this workforce – and draw high-paying jobs to the state – by fostering training that responds to skills gaps in the labor market.
President Obama’s blatant disregard for the separation of powers established by the Constitution is finally laid bare. No one, including the President, is above the law. I am pleased the Supreme Court has recognized this executive overreach.
Mississippi has repeatedly shown it is a great place to do business, and keeping this reputation means equipping our people with the expertise to fulfill the jobs of today and tomorrow. The Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act would help us keep up in an ever-increasing global economy.
The Department of Interior should increase development of critical oil and gas reserves on the Outer Continental Shelf:
It was great to meet with students and families at Mississippi Morning Coffee.  If you're in DC when the Senate is in session, please join me.  Sign up here: http://1.usa.gov/1g5gpss
I am thrilled at the news of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim’s release after being wrongfully imprisoned.
Wicker Report | In an economy desperate for growth, a regulatory onslaught is the wrong way to encourage jobs and investment. Onerous federal mandates and requirements ultimately saddle consumers with higher prices and leave job creators with more uncertainty.
Spoke today at Judge Debra Brown's investiture in #Greenville. Honored to be part of this historic moment for #Mississippi. 
Today, Senator Cochran and I cosponsored a bill to stop a far-reaching regulatory scheme that would expand the federal government’s regulation of water sources. Like many of you, I am opposed to this extreme example of the Obama Administration’s regulatory overreach.
Corporal Carpenter’s acts of heroism demonstrate the highest form of bravery and selfless sacrifice. He fought not only to save the life of his fellow Marine, but also for the protection of all Americans. We extend our deepest gratitude for his courageous deeds and are thankful for his incredible recovery.
The Hospital Readmission Reduction Program unfairly targets many Mississippi hospitals, which serve high-risk and vulnerable populations, for high readmission rates. This new bill would help protect our state’s hospitals by requiring CMS to use practical and impartial data to determine these rates going forward.
Looking forward to joining the Washington Post's Chris Cillizza at 9:05a CT to discuss "Health Beyond Health Care." Watch LIVE by clicking on the link below.  #healthhubs
Mississippians know the importance of efforts to preserve our natural resources for future generations. The Sportsmen’s Act would expand access to federal lands by hunters and fishermen while promoting the conservation of our nation’s habitats. Further, it would expand shooting and hunting opportunities on public lands, create more shooting ranges, and keep the price of ammunition from rising significantly by blocking EPA’s plans to ban traditional ammunition made with lead.
Today, I joined Senator Cochran and Congressman Palazzo in supporting an effort by Jackson County to be reimbursed for nearly $1.0 million spent on disaster recovery projects undertaken after Hurricanes Katrina and Isaac.
Wicker Report | Swift action and sweeping reforms are important to restoring public trust and credibility in the VA system.  Gross mistreatment of our veterans is inexcusable and an affront to their service and sacrifice.  These brave Americans have earned the best health care available and deserve to receive it in a timely manner.  We have an obligation to see that the system no longer fails those that it is supposed to serve.  
The United States has always been a refuge for those facing religious persecution. The appalling treatment of Meriam and her children because of her Christian faith should not be tolerated by any nation. It is my hope that Meriam and her children will be reunited with her husband to live safely in the United States under the freedoms and protections we hold dear.
The allegations of mismanagement and negligence at Veterans Affairs Medical Centers across the country are appalling. This bill would ensure that veterans receive better access to care, more control over their health-care decisions, and alternatives to bypass long waiting times.
Students from Central Academy in Macon, Mississippi placed 8th in the nation in SIFMA Foundation's Stock Market Game competition.  Congratulations to these outstanding students!
Great to meet with representatives from the Delta Leadership Institute today.
The "Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act" does nothing to make college more affordable or provide more access to higher education for students.
I am pleased to announce that the water resources bill, known as the “Water Resources Reform & Development Act," has been signed into law. It will provide federal resources for improving ports, waterways and flood control in Mississippi, in addition to streamlining the review and construction of waterway projects.
The gross mistreatment of many of our nation’s veterans is inexcusable. This situation demands the full attention of the Attorney General and the Justice Department. Those responsible must be held accountable.
The CHOICE Act would allow families more flexibility and give them a greater role in shaping their children’s educational development. This is a significant step toward making high-quality education available to students who otherwise wouldn't have a say in their educational futures.
Wicker Report | I opposed President Obama’s first cap-and-trade effort, and I remain committed to fighting this latest attempt to issue burdensome, job-killing EPA regulations.  
I am horrified at the news of the imprisonment and treatment of Meriam Yahia Ibrahim, a 27-year-old woman imprisoned and awaiting execution in Sudan. I strongly condemn the Sudanese government for its actions and call on Secretary Kerry to press for the release of Ms. Ibrahim and her children without delay.
The heroism and sacrifice of our troops on D-Day still takes my breath away. God bless 'em. #DDay70
NA
Read the inspiring story of Mississippi's Private Harry Quinn Jr., a rifleman with the 22nd Regiment of the 4th Infantry division during WWII. Quinn was fourth in line to climb off the landing craft into the Higgins boat headed for Utah Beach on June 6, 1944. Last fall, he was one of 11 Mississippians to receive the prestigious French Legion of Honor Medal. #DDay70
In late April, tornadoes ravaged communities in Mississippi taking innocent lives and causing extensive damage. Despite the devastation, we can be thankful for the technology that provided critical information ahead of time, alerting people to take shelter and saving hundreds of our fellow citizens.  The swift action of our weather forecasters, local officials, and first responders validated more than ever the importance of technology and communication when disaster strikes.
Veterans deserve better care and more control over their own health-care decisions.
Wicker Report | This year’s NDAA still has to be approved by the full Senate, but its Committee passage represents significant progress in creating a blueprint for America’s defense spending. With top-notch Air Force bases and versatile National Guard units, Mississippi continues to do its part in keeping our military strong. Although the reality of sequestration’s defense cuts remains a challenge, there is bipartisan agreement that America’s readiness and security must be prioritized.
Glad to have Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James touring Keesler, recognized as 2013’s top Air Force base in America.
Amphibious ships have been called the “Swiss Army Knives” of the sea and America’s “911 force.”  They are versatile and responsive, making them one of the most valuable assets of the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps.  That is why we turn to them time and again – from major combat missions to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief.  
Wicker Report | More good news for the Port of Gulfport, Port of Pascagoula, and Mississippi’s many other ports in recent days is the long-awaited final passage of the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA).  The bipartisan legislation – the first of its kind in seven years – is instrumental to upgrading Mississippi’s ports, waterways, and flood-control projects.  It earned overwhelming support in both the Senate and House of Representatives.
We can each do our part to fulfill the promises owed to the brave men and women who dedicate their lives to serving our country.  Memorial Day may be a time of remembrance, but it also calls us to be mindful of the future of America’s military tradition and strength.  We can help shape that future in the ways we support our troops and veterans today.
The Congressional Gold Medal will be awarded to members of the Civil Air Patrol, whose volunteer service helped protect the United States homeland during World War II. Read more about their brave service to our country by clicking on the link below.
I am pleased that this year’s NDAA also demands the Air Force to provide more details about the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler and whether the move would actually produce savings for American taxpayers. I will continue to call for answers about its costs and consequences until officials can justify the transfer of planes and personnel with defensible data.  I know that Senator Cochran, a leader on the Senate Defense Appropriations Committee, will demand the same level of accountability.
Ensuring that our military and defense operations have the tools they need to keep our nation secure is one of Congress’s most important responsibilities. That is why I fought to include a number of provisions in this year's defense authorization bill to strengthen military readiness, protect the National Guard from the Administration’s misguided cuts, and bolster the nation’s amphibious shipping fleet.
Enjoyed visiting w/ 9yr old Isaac Hoseny at today's Boy Scouts NW Miss. Impact Luncheon in Southhaven.
Today, Senator Cochran and I voted to send to the White House a major water infrastructure bill that authorizes resources for improving ports, waterways and flood control in Mississippi, and streamlines review and construction of waterway projects.
Our ports and waterways are crucial to commerce, and our system of levees protects us from natural disasters. These modernized ports and commercial waterways are critical to maintaining competitiveness in a global economy. They are essential to boosting trade and job growth across the nation.
NA
The greatest risk our military faces today is the risk of an unready force that is insufficiently equipped and unable to accomplish its assigned missions. There is still a ways to go to produce a defense budget that is based on our national security interests and the threats to those interests.
100 new jobs coming to the Port of Gulfport. Mississippi is a great place to do business: http://bit.ly/1qPxjpl
Wicker Report | After more than a decade of combat, the National Guard is facing dramatic changes to its role as a ready reserve force of the Army. A number of changes follow misguided budget proposals by the Obama Administration to reduce Army personnel and reorganize its aviation program. I am working diligently with Mississippi’s congressional delegation to ensure our well-trained units and facilities are protected from indiscriminate harm.
The highway program reauthorization bill clears the way for important highway construction projects in Mississippi and across the country.
Honored to meet with the family of fallen Enterprise Police Chief Randy Boykin. #PoliceWeek
Today, I met the family of Tupelo Sgt. Gale Stauffer who lost his life in the line of duty. #PoliceWeek
Ten organizations have endorsed the Jacob Sexton Military Suicide Prevention Act of 2014, which Senator Joe Donnnelly and I introduced last week.
This week is National Police Week.  Please join Senator Cochran and me in honoring the brave law enforcement officers who have given the ultimate sacrifice to keep our neighborhoods and communities safe.
In today’s global market, modernized ports and commercial waterways are vital to maintaining competitiveness. This legislation would provide significant funding for new infrastructure projects, which will in turn boost trade and create jobs throughout Mississippi.
NA
Wicker Report | America’s troops face unique challenges in fulfilling their missions on and off the battlefield, which is why access to adequate mental health care is so important to their well-being.  Addressing military suicides is one way Congress can send a signal to service members that they and their families will have the resources they need for help.  In emphasizing effective care and patient privacy, the “Jacob Sexton Act” would bring us closer to lowering what have become heartbreaking statistics.       
Today I questioned Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen about rising concerns related to the nation’s $17 trillion debt and the alarming portion of U.S. bonds being held by foreign governments, such as China and Japan.
The number of military suicides each year is heartbreaking. Service members and their families should not have to wait for critical mental health assistance.  The Sexton Act would immediately put into practice steps to give members of our military the help they need in a safe and private manner.  These men and women sacrifice so much for our country and deserve our full support.  Senator Joe Donnelly and I are committed to seeing this bill enacted into law.
We are a society that believes in choices. From consumer goods to Internet providers to flavors of coffee, we want a wide variety of things from which to choose. Unfortunately, one of the areas in which we have not empowered families and parents to make the best choices for their children is in the area of educational opportunities.
Wicker Report | On April 28 of this year, as multiple tornados left a swath of destruction across our state, the National Weather Service’s early warning system again proved its value in helping Mississippians get out of harm’s way. Although the storms took precious lives and caused extensive damage, we can be thankful for the technology that provided critical information ahead of time, alerting people to take shelter and potentially saving hundreds of lives in the process. The swift action of forecasters, local officials, and first responders validated the importance of coordination and communication when disaster strikes.
I was honored to speak at the inauguration of Dr. Rodney Bennett as the 10th president of the University of Southern Mississippi today.
There is no excuse for missed opportunities in today’s economy, especially when 10.5 million Americans can’t find work. President Obama has played politics with Keystone for way too long – jeopardizing America’s strategic interests and economic growth. 
The significant losses and hardships caused by the deadly storms in Mississippi this week make this federal disaster declaration more than appropriate.  We appreciate the President’s prompt approval of Governor Bryant’s request to make assistance available to families, businesses and whole communities hurt by these storms.    We will be working with the administration and federal agencies helping the resilient people of Mississippi recover and rebuild.
Terrific work being done by members of the Mississippi National Guard to help fellow Mississippians recover from the storms.
Senator Ben Cardin and I are leading a group of senators in calling on Secretary of State John Kerry to urge him to take action to secure the release of observers being held by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine. We are also seeking action to stem the tide of “other flagrant violations of human rights by pro-Russian militants” in the region.
Visiting with people in Highlands Park in Pearl, MS. Monday's storm destroyed 37 homes and damaged more than 100 in this neighborhood.
Video of the Mississippi congressional delegation’s media availability with Governor Phil Bryant and other officials at MEMA headquarters in Jackson.
Mississippi’s congressional delegation today sent a letter to President Obama requesting full consideration of Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant’s request for an expedited federal disaster declaration in the wake of devastating weather events across the state.
I am convinced that the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler will not actually produce promised financial savings since a new airlift group would have to be physically established at Little Rock. Put simply, the proposal is shortsighted.
My prayers are with the families of those who lost their lives, those who were injured, and the communities across the state now hard at work to pick up the pieces.
State of Emergency declared in Mississippi ahead of severe weather.  Find safety information here: www.msema.org #mswx
Wicker Report | Mississippians understand the importance of rural hospitals and the critical services they provide. Sixty-five of our 82 counties are rural, and most of the state is classified as “medically underserved,” according to the Health Resources and Services Administration.
Read my op-ed with Rep. Aaron Schock in today's Fox News Opinion page: America Must Not Retreat from Russia's Information War.
Wicker Report | The federal government has an obligation to use Americans’ tax dollars wisely, which is why the tax-and-spend policies of the Obama Administration are so troubling.  The President’s failed stimulus carried a price tag of nearly $1 trillion, with government funds wasted on now-bankrupt boondoggles like Solyndra.  His signature health-care law, rammed through Congress by Democratic super majorities without a single Republican vote, is costing an estimated $1.4 trillion, yet it will leave 31 million Americans uninsured over the next decade.  Hardly the beacon of a sustainable economic recovery or true health-care reform, President Obama’s big-government agenda has instead worsened the debt crisis.   
Wicker Report | As a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, I am directly involved with the defense authorization process and the blueprint it provides for the future vitality of our troops. In recent days, the committee has heard from various defense officials about President Obama’s proposed changes to funding and force structure, including several that affect Mississippi. Our state plays a crucial role in supporting America’s national defense, and I remain committed to seeing that this tradition of excellence continues.
I am concerned that the transfer of C-130Js from Keesler may not actually produce the savings that the Air Force predicts. Establishing a new group at Little Rock requires a substantial cost to relocate the planes and transfer hundreds of military and civilian full-time employees. The numbers don’t add up. 
Senator Cochran and I are concerned that the abandonment of the American Midstream Pipeline (Midla) could cause a significant increase in utility bills for Midla customers, many of whom have no alternate source of natural gas.   That is why we have sent a new letter to FERC Chairman Cheryl LaFleur calling on the agency to provide sufficient time to allow Mississippians to weigh in on the issue.
VIDEO: Today I received support from General Frank Grass, Chief of the National Guard Bureau, to continue the program that supports the nation’s five National Guard Regional Counterdrug Training Academies (RCTA), including the one located in Meridian. The President’s recent budget proposal eliminates funding for the program.
Read my op-ed in today's Investor's Business Daily about how America's national security interests hinges on whether Afghanistan can secure a stable future.
Mississippi stands with the families affected by this morning's tornado in Covington county as they begin to recover from this tragedy.
Tupelo Veterans Memorial Park is breaking ground today for two worthy additions to honor our veterans--the Vietnam Wall and F-105 Thunderchief.  Because of the brave patriots honored by the Veterans Memorial, we can continue to feel safe here at home.  We remain eternally grateful for their service and sacrifice.
Wicker Report | Advances in technology are bringing southwest Mississippi closer to the shale boom that scientists and energy producers have anticipated in the area for years. The geologic formation known as the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale, which spans parts of Louisiana and Mississippi, is estimated to hold some 7 billion barrels of oil – making it possibly one of the largest fields in the country.
The Senate has approved 4 treaties to combat illegal pirate fishing--a global problem with very local consequences.
I am supporting a bill that would give businesses an added incentive to employ veterans or active military personnel who are covered under TRICARE or the VA because they would not have to count them toward Obamacare’s employer mandate. This legislation will help those who have served our country have the opportunity to find a job.
Every Tuesday morning when the Senate is in session, constituents are invited to join me for Mississippi Morning coffee. Here are some pictures from today's coffee. For more information, see my website: http://1.usa.gov/1mIsUSd
Listen to my interview with Mississippi Public Broadcasting on Obamacare:
Wicker Report | The health-care law’s implementation has been fraught with problems at nearly every turn, from continuous delays to attacks on religious freedom.  I am hopeful that the Supreme Court case will be a victory for the constitutional protection of religious rights and that Obamacare will be repealed and replaced before any more damage is done to the health care, finances, and constitutional freedoms of the American people.      
Thad Cochran and I are cosponsoring legislation that would prohibit the Environmental Protection Agency from finalizing any major Clean Air Act regulation without considering its economic impact.
I want you to know that I am doing everything in my power to delay and repeal Obamacare. In the 113th Congress, I have joined my colleagues in introducing numerous bills that repeal all or part of the President's health-care law. Click on the link below for more information.
All across the federal government, agencies are making tough decisions to rein in the country’s spending. But I would rather help communities with safe drinking water and clean air than put funding of dubious value into carbon dioxide regulation in the name of climate change.
Another Day = Another Delay
Wicker Report | The “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act” is a meaningful first step toward finding better options for real flood insurance reform.  It allows for a necessary review of how premium increases could affect communities and property owners if not phased in properly.  It also reinforces the need for FEMA to ensure its flood mapping methods are technically sound. 
Our Founding Fathers knew the danger of an imperial presidency and established a system of divided and limited power to protect against it. Sadly, President Obama continues to undermine this important balance through a flagrant use of administrative fiats.
More people have signed up and filled out a March Madness bracket on ESPN than have enrolled in Obamacare.  Since Sunday night, ESPN has 6.45 million entries, and Obamacare has 5 million enrollments. 
Wicker Report | Mississippians understand the importance of preserving our Second Amendment rights. That is why I am a cosponsor of Sen. Cochran's “Gun-owner Registration Information Protection (GRIP) Act."  The bill would prohibit the use of any federal funding to support nonfederal gun registries, including those maintained by state and local governments.
Senator Cochran and I are encouraging the U.S. Department of Commerce to uphold a fair trade decision that begins to protect U.S. catfish producers from underpriced frozen fish fillets from Vietnam.
The Senate just passed a flood insurance bill that will provide much-needed relief for families and businesses across Mississippi.  Millions of Americans faced massive increases in flood insurance rates, threatening livelihoods and communities nationwide. This compromise will give homeowners some peace of mind, assuring them that their flood insurance rates will not immediately soar from several hundred dollars to the thousands and tens of thousands.
The Obama Administration has continually disregarded its constitutional obligations. This calls for congressional action to ensure federal law is fully implemented and enforced.  The bill would allow for a more efficient judicial review process of congressional lawsuits, which is important to keeping the executive branch accountable to the law.
The sacrifice made by our troops and the American taxpayers has resulted in tangible positive accomplishments for the people in this region and for American interests. We have the opportunity to build a historic partnership that will enable us to look out for our national security interests but do so in a way that hands the fight over to the locals. We must not lose our resolve.
The Obama Administration should not make individuals and families play by a different set of rules than businesses. Providing Obamacare relief to some businesses while taxing individuals is one of many ways the Administration has rewritten the President’s signature health-care law for political gain. This is yet another sign that Obamacare is unfair, unworkable, and must be repealed.
During today's Armed Services Committee nominations hearing, I questioned Gen. Paul J. Selva about the Air Force's current plan to transfer 10 C-130J aircraft from Keesler Air Force Base to Little Rock Air Force Base.  Read more about my exchange with Gen. Selva by clicking on the link below.
Read my op-ed in today's Fox News Opinion section: "Obama’s Defense Budget Puts America’s Ability to Lead at Grave Risk"
Wicker Report | Individuals, families, and businesses across the country recognize the importance of having a budget. Budgeting is both a means of financial responsibility and a compilation of priorities. President Obama has put politics first with this year’s budget proposal. In doing so, he misses a chance to work with Republicans and Democrats on constructive ways to lower the debt and create new jobs.
John Boozman and I support the United States Merchant Marine Academy Board of Visitors Enhancement Act
Today’s vote in the House signals strong bipartisan and bicameral support for providing relief to homeowners and businesses from drastic flood insurance premium hikes. Millions of Americans are facing massive increases in flood insurance rates, which would threaten livelihoods and communities nationwide. I am hopeful that we can reach a swift compromise between the Senate and House versions of this critical legislation. We need to get a bill to the President to sign.
The President’s budget amounts to nothing more than a partisan document that bows to the political left. Rather than building on the savings achieved in the Ryan-Murray budget agreement, it is disappointing that the President wants to increase spending, as well as raise taxes to the tune of $1.8 trillion. These policies would stifle economic growth, destroy jobs, and threaten American prosperity.
Wicker Report | The Administration is wrong to raid hundreds of billions of dollars from effective Medicare programs to fund the President’s flawed law.  Nineteen Senate Democrats have joined Republicans in urging the Administration to mitigate the harm that severe reductions would have on seniors across the country.  And yet, many of these Democrats voted for the health-care law that imposed the cuts in the first place. 
NA
NOAA Awards Mississippi $10.9 Million for Commercial Oyster & Blue Crab Fisheries Disasters
NA
I’m astounded that President Obama intends to reduce the number of military personnel to levels not seen since before World War II. These unwarranted cuts could also force an additional burden on members of our National Guard. 
I'm on the Senate floor right now discussing Mr. Stephen Blackwood's op-ed in today's Wall Street Journal: "ObamaCare and My Mother's Cancer Medicine." Watch by clicking the link below. 
Wicker Report | There are better ways to put Americans back to work than borrowing and spending money the government does not have. The best unemployment program is a jobs program that empowers the U.S. workforce. The question is whether President Obama and Democrats are ready to work toward bipartisan solutions that could make a positive impact in American lives.
ICYMI: Here's my interview with Bill Hemmer this morning on Fox News on how Obamacare is killing American jobs.
ICYMI: I was on Morning Joe this morning talking about military pensions.
Wicker Report | Republicans had an answer ready when President Obama recently implied they lacked a viable alternative to his health-care law. Amid growing public disapproval with Obamacare, the President challenged Republicans to “tell America what you’d do differently.” A recently introduced proposal from Republican Senator Richard Burr (N.C.), Sen. Tom Coburn (Okla.), and Sen. Orrin Hatch (Utah) does just that. Building on market-driven reforms that Republicans have supported for years, the plan offers workable strategies to lower health-care costs, expand choices, and empower patients.
Krauthammer: "In the traditional opportunity society, government provides the tools — education, training and various incentives — to achieve the dignity of work and its promise of self-improvement and social mobility. In the new opportunity society, you are given the opportunity for idleness while living parasitically off everyone else."
Looking forward to joining Bill Hemmer on Fox News' "America's Newsroom" at approximately 8:08am CT to discuss #Obamacare's war on jobs.
Read my op-ed in today's Memphis Commercial-Appeal: "If politics had taken center stage this week, veterans would have been denied the right to what they have earned and taxpayers would be left wondering if Washington is serious about lowering America’s unprecedented debt.  I am glad that Congress decided to send a signal that we can make good on our word."
I am pleased that small family-owned farms will not be subjected to unlawful scrutiny by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.  I’ve said all along that OSHA has no business regulating grain storage bins on family farms. I am encouraged to see that the agency finally seems to have come to its senses on this issue.
Today, I voted to approve a bill that would restore full cost-of-living adjustments for current and future military retirees. It repeals the cuts made to the pensions of at least 27,000 military retirees in Mississippi and protects the budget savings achieved by the latest budget deal.
Sen. Cochran and I are cosponsoring legislation that would prevent the IRS from effectively curbing free speech by targeting groups based on their political leanings.
Every Tuesday morning when the Senate is in session, constituents are invited to join me for Mississippi Morning coffee. Here are some pictures from earlier today.  For more information, see my website: http://1.usa.gov/1gmRumr
Today, I voted to proceed with legislation to repeal $6 billion in cost-of-living cuts to current and future military retirees. The current bill does not pay for the reinstatement of the funds, but I am hopeful Senators will have the opportunity to offer amendments to find suitable savings elsewhere in the budget. We can rectify the wrong done to our military retirees and protect taxpayers by not adding to our nation’s sea of debt.
Sen. Cochran and I are calling on Barack Obama to address America's propane shortage.
Wicker Report | The President’s unilateral action poses a serious threat to the separation of powers enshrined in our Constitution.  America’s founding document grants “all legislative powers” to Congress and directs the President to “take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.”  Governing by executive order, as President Obama has vowed to do, not only defies the law but sets a dangerous precedent for future administrations. 
Tomorrow marks the 80th anniversary of the Tennessee Valley Authority's partnership with the state of Mississippi.
Today, the Senate EPW Committee passed three pieces of legislation I introduced or cosponsored. 
ICYMI: Watch my remarks at this morning's National Prayer Breakfast.
ICYMI: Watch my appearance with Senator Jon Tester on Crossfire last night 
Agriculture plays a major role in Mississippi – not only for putting food on the table but also in providing a livelihood for many families. This Farm Bill supports Mississippi’s hardworking farmers and ensures consumers have access to safe and affordable food.
Please tune in to CNN tonight at 5:30 PM CT.  I'll be on Crossfire with Senator Jon Tester.
Wicker Report | The Obama Administration has a habit of missing deadlines.  Major provisions of the President’s flawed health-care law, for example, have been delayed dozens of times. The same tardiness is true for the President’s annual budget, which is due to Congress on or before the first Monday in February.  Required by federal law, the budget proposal outlines the President’s funding requests for the upcoming fiscal year.  
Obama should approve the Keystone XL pipeline without delay.
I'm still fighting for America's real heroes. 
I just voted for the “Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act,” which would delay skyrocketing price increases in flood insurance premiums on American homeowners, including many in Mississippi.
"At a time for leadership and cooperation, the President continues to threaten unilateral executive action instead of offering to work with Republicans and Democrats."
The House passed the "No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act" today.  I call on the Senate to take up this bipartisan bill without delay.
I'm joining Senator Roy Blunt in filing an amicus brief to urge the Supreme Court to protect religious liberty.
NA
NA
The best welfare program is a jobs program. The best unemployment program is one that creates jobs for Americans. Americans are ready to go to work. Rather than focus on the politics of jealousy and income inequality, the President should demonstrate leadership and cooperation. In a divided government, both are necessary to bring about the enduring economic recovery that this country needs.
Wicker Report | The State of the Union offers the President a chance to tell Congress and the nation how he plans to repair the damage that the health-care law has caused and whether he is willing to work with Republicans. In a divided government, success depends on leadership and cooperation.  Both could help bring about positive health-care reform and a lasting economic recovery.
NA
I had a wonderful visit to the Ulysses S. Grant Library Collection at Mississippi State University in Starkville. Dr. Marszalek and his team are doing a terrific job of preserving these historic artifacts for future generations.
Was pleased to join the Kiwanis group in Columbus today to talk about the economic growth taking place in the Golden Triangle.
I am strongly committed to upholding Americans’ constitutional right to keep and bear arms. This legislation would ensure this right is not limited to the state where the concealed carry permit was issued.  It responsibly grants legal gun owners the same freedom in states with concealed carry laws.
Wicker Report | Two years ago, President Obama defied the Constitution’s limits on executive power with three appointments to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB).  Rather than allow the Senate to provide “advice and consent” on executive nominees, the President declared that Congress was in recess and simply installed his nominees by executive order.  As federal appeals courts would later decide, the President’s unilateral action was in violation of our government’s separation of powers.
The spending measure that I voted for today halts new spending for Obamacare, ensures the nation’s troops receive their paychecks, and enacts the lowest spending levels since 2008.  For too long, Washington has lurched from crisis to crisis, denying Americans and the nation’s job creators much-needed certainty. Funding the government is one way to help encourage this certainty. 
Mississippi’s Seabee battalions have proven invaluable to our national security and image abroad. The Navy’s announcement bolsters that tradition and solidifies the strategic importance of Gulfport.  Further, the relocation of these key naval personnel underscores Mississippi’s ability to support our naval forces and military readiness.
"To put this in perspective, there has not been a single month during the current recovery in which the private sector has posted a payroll jobs gain greater than the equivalent average gain during the Reagan recovery."
 
 http://1.usa.gov/1iIYoTP
Wicker Report | Encouraging more certainty and confidence among job creators would be a crucial step toward reviving the economy and keeping U.S. business competitive in the year ahead.  Congress should focus on policies that empower Americans – not the government – to fuel economic growth, while working to remove the negative effects of the President’s health-care law and curbing regulatory overreach.
It is unfair to make a promise to members of our military and then – after they have honorably fulfilled every part of their obligation – have their government fail to live up to its part of the bargain.   That is why I support Senator Kelly Ayotte's amendment to restore $6 billion in cost-of-living cuts to military retirement benefits that were included in the budget deal signed into law last month and to find the savings elsewhere.  The provision would pay for the reinstatement of the funds by closing a loophole in the U.S. tax code that allows illegal immigrants to claim the Additional Child Tax Credit.
I'm a cosponsor of Senator Kelly Ayotte's amendment to restore military retirement benefits which have been unfairly cut.
NA
Nobody benefits–neither homeowner nor taxpayer–when NFIP premium increases result in foreclosure.
Wicker Report | One of the most controversial provisions in the President's health-care law is the individual mandate requiring every American to purchase insurance or face a tax penalty.  The mandate was at the center of the Supreme Court case last year and has long been touted by the Obama Administration as crucial to the law’s success.  Just days away from the mandate’s effective date, President Obama partly suspended it for some Americans – adding yet another executive fiat to the law's long list of delays, waivers, and exemptions.
Wicker Report | For the past 52 years, Congress has passed a National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) outlining the country’s military priorities for the next fiscal year.  Funding for our troops and the equipment they need is essential to ensuring they can fulfill their missions at home and abroad.
Wicker Report | Restoring military retirement benefits would keep the promise that was made to our service members.  Although the budget deal has passed, the fight goes on to ensure America’s men and women in uniform are not asked to shoulder an additional sacrifice.  Like many of my colleagues, I am committed to reversing the budget’s negative impact on our military retirees.
Senator Cochran and I have signed a letter to Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez that pointedly asks that the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) cease taking regulatory actions against small farms with grain storage bins. Small farms, defined as those employing 10 or fewer workers, have been specifically exempted by Congress from such oversight since 1976.  This is yet another example of Washington bureaucrats meddling in the lives of Americans. OSHA has no business regulating grain storage bins on family farms, and the agency should put a stop to it immediately.
Funding our military and defense operations is essential to the safety and security of every American. Passing the NDAA bill ensures that our troops receive the resources necessary to protect America’s national interests here and abroad.  I successfully included several provisions to bolster the military’s ability to carry out its missions and keep our troops as safe as possible. I also authored a prohibition on foreign governments constructing satellite GPS stations in the United States.
http://youtu.be/rhMDIaMEikw
Today,  Senator Kelly AyotteU.S. Senator Lindsey Graham  and I voted against the Murray-Ryan budget deal which cuts $6 billion from military retirement benefits.  We held a press conference in our efforts to continue to fight this onerous provision.
I cannot support a budget that slashes promised retirement benefits to our military men and women. This onerous provision is unfair, and budget cuts should never be at the expense of promises made to those who sacrifice the most for our country.  The fight for fairness for our military men and women does not end with the passage of this budget deal.  I will continue to work to restore full military retirement benefits.
NA
NA
We are appalled to learn that this legislation (Ryan-Murray budget) would even reduce the retirements of those who have been injured in the line of duty and have been medically retired as a result.  That is unconscionable, and we call on members of both parties to work with us now to replace these misguided cuts.
NA
I voted against cloture on the Ryan-Murray budget agreement which cuts retirement benefits for military retirees by more than $6 billion.  This graph shows how a Sergeant 1st Class with 20 years of service would lose almost $72,000 by the time he or she reaches the age of 62 under this budget.
U.S. Senator Roger Wicker, R-Miss., a member of the Senate Budget Committee, today introduced an amendment to restore full retirement pay for current and future military retirees. The current Ryan-Murray budget agreement cuts retirement benefits for these retirees by more than $6 billion. The amendment is cosponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., Jim Inhofe, R-Okla., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss.
Wicker Report | The pending success of WRDA is a testament to the bipartisan cooperation that exists for keeping the U.S. economy strong and competitive.  The legislation offers a comprehensive plan for improving the country’s flood-control projects and modernizing our ports and waterways.  Having gone through committee consideration and then floor debate, WRDA could be a rare example of regular order under the dysfunctional direction of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (Nev.).
I was honored today to deliver the Fall 2013 commencement address at Mississippi State University.
NA
Senator Wicker is speaking about his opposition to the budget deal on the Senate floor right now. Watch here: http://www.c-span.org/Live-Video/C-SPAN2/.
NA
The National Flood Insurance Program should—and can be—self-sustainable. But to implement Biggert-Waters as is would be economically foolish, and wholly unfair to the 5.5 million policyholders who depend on it to work well. They deserve a fair opportunity to get this right.
NA
http://youtu.be/EICjJpNUQj0
NA
Wicker Report | Efforts to realize the state’s energy-producing potential will help more Mississippians gain high-quality, high-paying jobs – boosting the bottom lines of families, businesses, and local governments.  According to recent figures, Mississippi’s energy sector is responsible for more than 22,000 jobs, with salaries averaging $63,456 – nearly double the average wages of other private sector industries.
I extend my deepest condolences to the Mandela family and the people of South Africa. The story of President Mandela is a remarkable epoch of courage and perseverance. Because of his leadership, South Africans saw an end to apartheid and the beginning of national reconciliation. It was a moving experience for me to visit Robben Island, where Mandela was unjustly held prisoner for more than 27 years. His legacy, however, is much more than his struggle against injustice.
Had a terrific visit to DeSoto Central Middle School this afternoon.
Wicker Report | Every year, on the Saturday before Thanksgiving, communities across the country celebrate National Adoption Day.  For thousands of children, this special day marks the final step in their move from foster care to a permanent home.  In Mississippi, events throughout the month of November – annually recognized as National Adoption Month – have helped finalize the adoptions of dozens of children in foster care.  Click the link below to read more about adoption in Mississippi and National Adoption Month.
Read my op-ed in this morning's USA Today: The Kremlin's New Spy Game | Plan for Russian GPS stations on U.S. soil deserves greater scrutiny.
More than 400 years ago, the Pilgrims set course for the New World in search of religious liberty. This Thanksgiving season, Americans should recognize the importance of defending religious freedom from encroachment both at home and abroad.   As we gather with family and friends this holiday season, let us give thanks to God for the blessings he has bestowed on our lives.  From my family to yours, have a happy and safe Thanksgiving.
Wicker Report | A couple in Long Beach who own a small business and have offered their employees the same private insurance plan for more than 20 years say they will suffer a 33 percent increase in premiums on December 1.  The company’s insurer specifically pointed to the health-care law’s mandated coverage, fees, and taxes for the increased premiums.  The group plan will cost the small business an extra $1,500 a month, or $18,000 annually.   Click the link below to read more stories from Mississippians who are being impacted by Obamacare.
This latest delay proves that President Obama and congressional Democrats are terrified of the political fallout from Obamacare. Americans from all walks of life are being impacted by the law’s harmful mandates, higher premiums, and canceled health-care coverage. The Administration’s postponement of the health-care enrollment period next year is nothing short of a political decision to save vulnerable Democrats up for reelection next year.  The President’s health-care law is the wrong approach to providing more affordable and more accessible coverage. It is increasingly clear that market-driven solutions are a better answer to today’s health-care challenges.
The "Employee Rights Act" gives workers the freedom they deserve to make the best choice for themselves. It protects employees from being forced to join unions or to have their union dues used for political purposes without their consent.  It is vital that the rights of American workers are protected and not unfairly left at the whim of Big Labor.
The raw abuse of power being displayed by Senate Democrats is reminiscent of their purely partisan efforts to pass Obamacare four years ago. Further, they have tarnished the integrity of the institution by ignoring 225 years of precedent and trampling the rights of the minority party and the millions of Americans we represent.  The Founding Fathers intended the Senate to be the most deliberative legislative body the world has ever seen. Unfortunately, actions taken today by the majority party have upended the chamber’s tradition of thoughtful and reasoned legislating.
I am deeply concerned about the Russian proposal to use U.S. soil to strengthen its GPS capabilities. These ground monitor stations could be used to gather intelligence. Even more troubling, these stations could actually improve the accuracy of foreign missiles targeted at the United States.
NA
NA
NA
Wicker Report | One of the less-publicized figures in the employment report is the labor force participation rate, which measures the percentage of working-age Americans who are employed or actively looking for a job.  In October, this telling metric dropped to its weakest level in over 35 years – a dreadful 62.8 percent.  During a true economic recovery, the labor rate would be rising, not falling to a level last seen during Jimmy Carter’s second year in the White House.  Today, a record 91.5 million Americans are not included in the labor force.
NA
NA
Wicker Report | It is becoming more and more clear that the Obamacare law is not Americans’ prescription for success.  Real reforms – not big-government policies – would give patients more control over their care and not burden them with higher costs.  It is past time for the Administration to take an honest look at the law’s harmful mandates and regulations.  Americans expect better and are right to demand change. |
I am deeply grateful to all the brave men and women who have served in our nation’s armed forces. As a veteran, the son of a veteran, and the father of an officer in the Air Force, I understand the profound sacrifice of those who have fought to protect our freedoms.  We thank our veterans and remember their commitment to keeping Americans safe and secure throughout our nation’s history.
I am pleased with the Army’s decision to delay the closing of the ROTC program at USM. It is unfortunate that we even need to discuss this issue given USM’s long-standing importance to our nation’s fighting forces. This delay represents just the first step in our fight to protect USM’s proud ROTC tradition. I join Senator Cochran in congratulating Gov. Bryant, Dr. Bennett, and LTC Worley on their efforts to help save the program.
Welcoming Mississippi's WWII veterans to Washington, D.C. #HonorFlight
The U.S. Senate today unanimously confirmed Debra M. Brown of Jackson to be a U.S. District Court Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi.  I am thrilled and honored to be part of this historic moment for Mississippi. Ms. Brown is a proven trailblazer. Our country needs judges who have a record of professional excellence, integrity, and public service.    I am confident her service will be good for our nation, our state, and especially good for the city of Greenville, where she will preside. Having a judge who is also an architect would be particularly serendipitous for Greenville, as the federal courthouse there is woefully inadequate and in desperate need of a new state-of-the-art courthouse.
Wicker Report | Over the next several weeks, a bipartisan committee is tasked with finding practical solutions to America’s debt crisis.  The budget conference – the first to convene between the House of Representatives and the Senate in four years – is a long-overdue step toward forging a financial blueprint that changes our country’s current trajectory of excessive debt and spending.
NA
NA
NA
Today, I cosponsored legislation, introduced by Senator Marco Rubio, to delay the health insurance individual mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) until the insurance exchanges are certified as fully functional.
This month, I plan to reintroduce the “Restoring the 10th Amendment Act."  The bill, which I have introduced in every Congress since 2010, underscores the importance of constitutional checks and balances on executive power. It would empower states and the American people with a tool to challenge federal overreach. Read more about the legislation by clicking the link below.
It's great to be back in Mississippi. Just finished speaking with members of the Jackson Rotary.
Wicker Report | For the first time in 50 years, discretionary spending – the funding which must be appropriated by Congress each year – has declined for two years in a row. These budget savings were first established by the “Budget Control Act” in 2011, and Republicans successfully fought for and secured their continuation in the government funding plan passed on October 16. We must not stop there.
Today, I joined Senator Thad Cochran in signing a letter to President Obama that states our unequivocal opposition to ratification of a United Nations Arms Trade Treaty that the Obama administration recently signed.  The Obama administration’s decision to sign the UN Arms Trade Treaty is a direct assault on the Second Amendment. The treaty could be used as a backdoor approach to limit the rights of every American to keep and bear arms. I stand with the majority of Mississippians in opposing this affront to U.S. sovereignty.  Read more by clicking the link below.
Wicker Report | Earlier this month, the Army announced its decision to close the ROTC unit at the University of Southern Mississippi at the end of the 2014-2015 academic year.  Created in 1951, USM’s Army ROTC program is Mississippi’s most diverse unit and is of special importance to our National Guard, which draws many of its officers from ROTC units in the state. I look forward to discussing this decision with USM officials and Army leaders as we explore options for keeping USM’s ROTC program active.
Wicker Report | On a number of occasions, I have had the special privilege of visiting with veterans on Mississippi’s Honor Flight during their time in Washington.  The scene at the World War II memorial is always awe-inspiring, and that was certainly true when our state’s heroes arrived on October 1.   Although a government shutdown forced National Park Service sites to close, including the World War II memorial, the veterans were eventually allowed to bypass the barricades.  At a moment of extreme partisan gridlock, both political parties cheered the spirit of goodwill on display.
My D.C. staff and I are safe. Thankful for the U.S. Capitol’s first responders.
These Mississippi veterans didn't let a government shutdown barricade stop them from seeing the World War II Memorial.
A few moments ago, the Senate unanimously passed a House GOP bill to ensure our military will continue to get paid in the event of a government shutdown.
Wicker Report | I remain a staunch opponent of the President’s health-care law and will continue to fight for its full repeal.  Our aim should be true health-care reform, not policies that force families and businesses to shoulder higher costs.  Read more by clicking the link below.
I will vote for the bipartisan House bill to fund the government and defund #Obamacare.
This week marks the 5th anniversary of the collapse of Lehman Bros. In speeches this week, President Obama is touting economic gains, but the facts say otherwise.  Follow me on Twitter @SenatorWicker for more updates on the true state of our economy. #ObamaEconomy
Read my op-ed in today's Washington Times Special Report on  Aerospace, Defense, and Homeland Security: "Future of U.S. Leadership, Vitality of Aerospace Industry Hinge on Budget Solutions."   To view, click on the link below.
On this date 226 years ago, a group of brave and pioneering individuals signed their names to the U.S. Constitution and changed the course of history. Over the years, we have set aside September 17 in observance of Constitution Day to note the extraordinary nature of this document.         In honoring Constitution Day, we celebrate one of the greatest moments in American history, and we ensure that the many “Blessings of Liberty” are not forgotten by this generation and those to come.
Wicker Report | With harvest time well underway, we are reminded of the important role that agriculture plays in Mississippi – not only for putting food on the table but also in providing a livelihood for many families.  As our state’s largest business, the agriculture industry is responsible for employing nearly 30 percent of the local workforce and generating an economic impact of approximately $7.5 billion each year.  Read the full column by clicking on the link below.
I believe the government ought to support competition and allow the free market to produce the best energy-efficient buildings at the lowest costs. They must also support the use of domestically produced materials such as sustainable wood and green technologies.
NA
NA
NA
NA
About to join Aaron Katersky on ABC News Radio to discuss the President's speech tonight about #Syria. Listen here: http://abcnewsradioonline.com/live
NA
I had the privilege to award the Bronze Star Medal to Bruce O'Neal, an 87-year-old WWII veteran from Hernando, Miss. http://bit.ly/17T6FlQ
Wicker Report | At this pivotal hour, the prospect of military action in Syria raises serious questions about the Obama Administration’s goals for U.S. involvement in the Middle East.  I am not alone in asking whether a limited military strike would truly advance the possibility of a negotiated peace settlement and an end to Assad’s violent and tyrannical rule.  Like the many Mississippians who have contacted my office in recent days, I am concerned that misguided tactics could have a profound impact on U.S. interests.
NA
A Sept. 30, 2013, application deadline has been set for students who want to be one of the two Mississippi high school students who will represent the state at the 52st annual USSYP Washington Week, March 8-15 in Washington D.C.  High school seniors or juniors involved in student government at public or private schools are eligible for the week-long program.  The selection process is based, in part, on academic achievement, leadership capabilities and public service.   “This exceptional learning experience brings together students from all over the country to help build leadership skills and a commitment to public service,” Wicker said. “It also provides Mississippi students with the opportunity to see firsthand how the U.S. Senate and federal government functions.”
Enjoyed spending time with the William Carey University Ambassadors and Miss Mississippi
Wicker Report | For the past eight years, the last week of August has reminded us of one of the most devastating events in our state’s history.  The arrival of Hurricane Katrina on our shores took lives, destroyed communities, and left a swath of damage unprecedented in its magnitude.  http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/weekly-report?ID=fc5c9b57-4fad-4b0f-8e6e-d32bc23c9f27
Getting a firsthand look at the new Methodist Olive Branch Hospital in DeSoto County from the hospital's CEO, David Bayton.
Wicker Report | Each August, I have an opportunity to travel across the state and meet with Mississippians while Congress is in summer recess.  The Senate’s legislative calendar allows for a month-long state work period, when lawmakers can visit with constituents and participate in local events.  This month has been an especially exciting time for Mississippi.  From grand openings to civic club meetings, our communities continue to demonstrate why they are great places to live and work.  Local citizens drive this community spirit, and their dedication plays a critical role in ensuring our state is ready for the future.
Had a wonderful tour of Hankins Lumber in Ripley today. Their mill produces more than 95 million feet of lumber each year.
Humbled to present the Bronze Medal and Air Commendation Medal to Tommy Verrell, a veteran of Vietnam, tonight in New Albany, MS. Joining us on stage is Mr. Verrell's wife, Joyce. Thanks to everyone who joined us to celebrate his medal ceremony.
Wicker Report | Reining in Washington’s regulatory excess should be part of an economic recovery plan.  Like unchecked federal spending, too much red tape threatens growth and innovation.  Instead of more bureaucracy, it is time for America’s job creators to take the lead.
NA
I was honored to participate in the Mississippi Military Communities Council meeting this afternoon in Jackson.
Just finished a terrific visit to the Nissan plant in Canton today to discuss their plans to expand and create 400 new jobs for Mississippians.
Proud to stand with Mission Mississippi as they begin their statewide "Follow the Cross" celebration. #MSGlowingforChrist
WICKER REPORT | Classrooms across Mississippi will soon be bustling with students as the new school year gets underway.  Preparing these young minds for success is a critical investment.  With more jobs requiring advanced skills, the educational foundation of today’s students will shape their future livelihoods.  Likewise, keeping our state and country competitive demands a qualified and ready workforce.
NA
NA
Senator Wicker will be on Fox Business tonight with Lou Dobbs at 6pm CT to discuss Obama's so-called "Grand Bargain." You can watch it LIVE here: http://live.foxbusiness.com/.
WICKER REPORT | Mississippi is taking a leading role in promoting avenues for service members to find meaningful and well-paid work.  Gov. Phil Bryant declared 2013 as the year to “Hire Mississippi Heroes,” and job fairs across the state are connecting veterans and their spouses to employment opportunities.  I am encouraged by the dozens of local employers who have participated in these events and made a pledge to hire veterans.  They recognize the valuable training and skills that the men and women who have worn America’s uniform bring to the workplace.  Read more by clicking the link below.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Wicker was interviewed by Fox News 'Special Report' last night regarding a new Congressional Budget Office study on sequestration. To watch the clip, click the link below.
Tonight, I supported a permanent market-based solution that removes Washington from the business of arbitrarily fixing student loan rates. This bipartisan legislation provides students with long-term certainty as they battle the mounting costs of education.  Planning ahead for college is a difficult process, and students and families should be able to make these important decisions without worrying about uncertainty in Washington. The ‘Obama Economy’ and costly premiums under the president’s health-care law have compounded the challenges that young Americans face. Financing their education should not add to this burden.
Had a wonderful visit with more than 20 Mississippi students from Ole Miss' Lott Leadership Institute.
Read my op-ed in today's Washington Times regarding efforts to find a solution to Moscow's ban on adoption of Russian children by American families.
WICKER REPORT | The latest jobs report is a glaring reminder that these promises have yet to bear much fruit. Unemployment has stalled at a disappointing 7.6 percent nationally and is still above 9 percent in Mississippi.  Add to that the number of workers who are underemployed, and the national rate nearly doubles – encompassing some 20 million Americans.  Read more by clicking the link below.
NA
I believe last night’s meeting was an instrumental step in pulling us back from the brink. By speaking directly to one another, and not past each other, we have saved the right to free and open debate, which is an essential tool in building consensus. I am hopeful this compromise will enable us to get past partisan gridlock and back to doing the work of the American people.  For the past several years, Democrats and Republicans have not been able to come together on the great issues of our day. It is time for us to look past the next election and look instead to the next generation.
NA
WICKER REPORT | Finding a way to curb the drastic spike in student loan rates should have been an easy bipartisan win.  Republicans, Democrats, and the White House agree that students and families deserve lasting reform – not annual showdowns in Congress every time the student loan rate is scheduled to rise.  A group of Senate Democrats, however, continues to choose the path of most resistance, blocking long-term measures in favor of a shortsighted, band-aid approach.  Click the link below to read more.
In Case You Missed It: Watch my interview with Fox Business' Neil Cavuto as I explain Senate Republican efforts to permanently delay and defund #Obamacare.
Sports have always played an important role in breaking down barriers – from Jesse Owens to Jackie Robinson to Billie Jean King. The "Game of Change" should be included in that list of seminal moments in American history. The matchup between Mississippi State and Loyola in 1963 was a critical step toward erasing the racial divide. The courage of these young men and their coaches deserves to be honored.
Today, Senator Cochran and I joined all 45 Republican members of the Senate in urging President Obama to permanently delay implementation of Obamacare in recognition of the effects the contentious healthcare reform law will have on American families and workers who will face higher taxes and higher premiums.
Today, I called on the Obama Administration to step up its efforts to support Syrian opposition to the Assad regime and put an end to the 29-month-long crisis that has seen more than 100,000 people killed and 1.7 million people displaced from their homes.  Watch my speech to Senate by clicking on the video below.
HAPPENING NOW: Senator Wicker is speaking about the situation in Syria on the Senate floor.   Watch the speech LIVE by clicking the link below.
Today, Senator Wicker appeared on C-SPAN’s “Washington Journal” with Greta Brawner to discuss the day's top headlines including recent events in Egypt, immigration reform, and the Obama Administration’s delay in implementing the President’s health-care law.  Watch the interview by clicking the link below.
Wicker Report: In a recent speech on climate change, President Obama confirmed what many of his critics have long alleged:  Rather than advancing a truly “all-of-the-above” energy strategy, his Administration is determined to wage an all-out war on coal.  Leading the charge is the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which the President has recruited to launch costly new rules and restrictions in a bold display of executive overreach.   Read more by clicking the link below.
Happy Independence Day! My wife, Gayle, and I wish you and your family a wonderful Fourth of July.
For those of you without a Memphis Commercial-Appeal subscription, you can read my Obamacare op-ed on my website:
Read my op-ed in today's Memphis Commercial Appeal regarding the one-year anniversary of the Supreme Court's ruling on #Obamacare.
Today, I voted against passage of the immigration bill because the legislation is deeply flawed and if enacted would not fix our broken system. The Corker-Hoeven amendment, in my view, improved the enforcement provisions of the bill. However, more work needed to be done to alleviate my concerns – and those of my constituents – to ensure that we stop the current onslaught of illegal immigration once and for all.
I will vote against passage of the immigration bill. Although the Corker-Hoeven amendment has, in my view, improved the enforcement provisions, the legislation is still deeply flawed and if enacted would not fix our broken system.
From the outset of this debate, I have argued that securing the border must be our top priority in stopping illegal immigration once for and all. The Senate had an opportunity today to strengthen the underlying immigration bill with tougher provisions for enforcement. This includes an additional 20,000 border patrol agents, finishing the more than 700 miles of reinforced fencing, and implementing a more stringent E-Verify system.  Today’s vote is not the end of the debate on the immigration bill, but it does provide stronger enforcement than the provisions of the base bill. I am unlikely to vote in favor of final passage of this bill unless more significant improvements are made in the coming days.   I have offered several amendments to crack down on sanctuary cities and toughen the requirements for illegal immigrants applying for legal status. I hope my amendments are considered by the full Senate.
Amendments are a key part of the legislative process, and more than 250 have been filed to the immigration bill. I have authored several of these amendments, including important legislation to end so-called “sanctuary cities.”   These localities, which protect illegal immigrants by refusing to assist federal authorities, should not be allowed to flout the law.   Read more by clicking the link below.
NA
Last week, the Senate Armed Services Committee unanimously approved an amendment to the "National Defense Authorization Act," which I cosponsored with Senator Joe Donnelly (D-Ind.), to address the critical need of supporting those in our military who suffer from mental health issues. After a record number of suicides by service members in 2012, significant steps need to be taken to curb this disturbing trend. I believe the Donnelly-Wicker amendment is a step in the right direction.
In Case You Missed It: Here is my interview with Steve Gill on SuperTalk Mississippi regarding my efforts to #securetheborder.  Click the link below to listen to the interview.
Joining the JT Show on Supertalk Mississippi at 10:15am CT to discuss my efforts to secure the border. Listen here: http://supertalk.fm.
Americans are right to demand that we secure our borders as a first step to solve our broken immigration system. True reform remains out of reach and the problem of illegal immigration will persist if we fail to address border security. For far too long, Washington has paid lip service to meeting this need. The status quo must end.   Read more by clicking the link below.
In 1967, Delta Health Center was established in Mound Bayou, Mississippi, to provide primary care to the area’s medically underserved.  The idea was that a locally driven approach to health care could offer needed services to rural communities, where residents lacked access to quality care because of difficult social and economic circumstances. The ambitious idea worked.   Read more by clicking the link below.
The Stars and Stripes flying over Tupelo, MS. Happy Flag Day!
Great news for Mississippi's shipbuilders in Pascagoula: Today, the U.S. Coast Guard announced  a $76.8 million contract award to begin procurement of a seventh National Security Cutter.  Read more by clicking the link below.
I am pleased to announce the launch of my new website: http://wicker.senate.gov.   My website will serve as a one-stop shop for constituent services: applications for congressional internships and military academy nominations, tips on filing grant proposals, and instructions for filing casework.
Senator Wicker spoke on the Senate floor today about his priorities for solving America's broken immigration system --  specifically calling for more border security and enforcement.  Watch Senator Wicker's speech by clicking the link below.
Happening Now: Senator Wicker is on the Senate floor speaking about the immigration bill. You can watch his speech by clicking the link below.
In Case You Missed It:   Senator Wicker joined the Paul Gallo Show on Supertalk Mississippi this morning to discuss the immigration reform bill. Click the link below to listen to the interview.
NA
Wicker Report: Three years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, the revitalization of the Gulf Coast remains an urgent priority.  Last year’s passage of the RESTORE Act was a significant step toward putting key environmental and economic initiatives into action.   RESTORE directs 80 percent of the Clean Water Act fines levied against BP and other responsible parties to affected Gulf Coast states.  Although the courts have yet to decide the amount in damages owed, estimates indicate that the fines could total as much as $20 billion.
Today, I served as the leading Republican during a Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Subcommittee hearing to review the progress of Gulf Coast restoration efforts following the Deepwater Horizon disaster in 2010.  Mississippi is committed to making a full recovery, and we are taking aggressive steps to protect the future livelihood of Gulf Coast residents. Our state has made enormous strides in organizing efforts to protect the environment, help spur needed job creation, and increase vital economic opportunities.   Read more by clicking the link below.
Senator Cochran and I have cosponsored the "Preserve the Waters of the U.S. Act" (S.1006), which would prevent the EPA and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from using a guidance document finalized in February 2012 to change legal responsibilities under the Clean Water Act.  It also stops the two agencies from issuing similar guidance in the future.   This regulatory overreach, which unfairly impacts Mississippi businesses and family farms, will do little to improve water quality. This legislation will protect our landowners by putting a stop to the Administration’s effort to sidestep public input and the normal rulemaking process.
Wicker Report: Part of our civic duty is ensuring today’s youth are educated about the democratic process.  Sadly, statistics show far too many U.S. students are uninformed about how our government works. In 2011, the National Assessment of Educational Progress found only about a quarter of students achieved a proficient score in civics.  Read more by clicking the link below:
It is unconscionable that the Obama Administration is issuing furloughs, affecting at least 5,600 brave Mississippians who protect our nation, instead of cutting wasteful spending. There is no doubt our country’s national and economic security depends on reducing high levels of federal debt. However, it is imperative that we not compromise the readiness of our brave men and women in uniform.   The Senate Armed Services Committee will soon begin consideration of the 2014 Defense Authorization Bill. I will use that opportunity to protect our troops in Mississippi from unwarranted furloughs and strengthen our national security posture.
Pleased to join a rally in Columbus this morning with Governor Bryant for EADS Lakota.
Today, I joined Senators Coburn and Burr in an effort to prevent the federal government from committing excessive taxpayer money to expand state Medicaid programs by co-sponsoring the “Preventing an Unrealistic Future Medicaid Augmentation Plan (FMAP) Act.”  This bill repeals the provision in Obamacare obligating already scarce federal taxpayer dollars from being used for Medicaid expansion. The irresponsible spending in Washington must stop, and it is time for a national conversation about our priorities and actual ability to fund entitlement programs.  You can read the full press release below.
I am pleased the Senate has passed a bill, which I cosponsored, to authorize the award of the Congressional Gold Medal to members of the Civil Air Patrol, whose volunteer efforts aided national security during World War II. Many of these veterans, who were unpaid volunteers, flew their personal aircraft at their own expense to protect our freedoms.   You can read the full press release below.
In Case You Missed It: Senator Wicker discusses the scandal involving the IRS with Fox News' Judge Jeanine Pirro.
Congratulations to Naomi Taylor for winning the Delta Council's top honor graduate award.
NA
Watch my interview with MSNBC's Chuck Todd regarding Benghazi and the shameful targeting of conservative groups by the IRS.
Read my op-ed regarding the sequester's defense cuts in today's Real Clear Defense:   "The American people are justifiably proud of the courage and excellence displayed by our men and women in uniform. They have helped pave the way for a more secure, stable, and peaceful world for our children. We should honor their sacrifices by not squandering the progress we have made and not turning a blind eye to the challenges that remain."
Our state continues to prove it can meet the needs of the world’s best companies.  Pro-growth policies and a ready workforce are attractive to business and conducive to positive economic change in our communities.  For global leaders and mom-and-pop stores alike, the message is clear: Mississippi is the place to be.
Senator Wicker welcomes the Yokohama Tire Company to Mississippi.
Many of you have asked about the news reports saying members of Congress are trying to exempt themselves from Obamacare. My staff and I are not exempt from this massive, harmful overhaul of America’s health-care system. Three years ago, I voted against Obamacare. My resolve to repeal this error-laden law is as firm today as it was then. I want every American to be exempt from Obamacare, not just those who were directly involved in authoring and forcing this law upon the American people.
Today is World Malaria Day, a day set aside as a rallying point to support the accomplishments to date in the effort to eliminate malaria and to reaffirm a target date of 2015 for ending malaria deaths around the globe. I remain committed to advancing efforts by the United States to eradicate malaria once and for all.  Read more: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/04/a-day-of-resolve-to-eradicate-malaria-90582.html#ixzz2RUmgGNP8
Yesterday, the Senate unanimously passed a resolution I sponsored commending employees of the Senate Post Office, employees of the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, members of the Capitol Police, and members of the Capitol Hill community for their courage and professionalism following the biochemical attack against the Senate on April 16, 2013. You can read the text of my resolution here: ow.ly/kpWsk.
Senator Wicker visits with a Mississippi World War II veteran at the Honor Flight event in Washington.
The latest attempt by the Obama Administration to regulate carbon dioxide, through the National Environmental Protection Act, represents a gross overreach by Washington bureaucrats. At a time when more than 21.6 million Americans are struggling to find a full-time job, it is troubling that unwarranted regulations are adding another burden on our economy. Ending regulatory excess will help reignite the confidence our job creators need to fuel an economic turnaround that lasts.  http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=NewsRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=3854a914-aadd-a795-3091-cb165e099ea1
Enjoyed my conversation on The JT Show today about my vote to affirm 2nd Amendment rights. Listen here: http://podcast.supertalk.fm/stmrn2/3955884.mp3 …
NA
Check out Brian Perry’s weekly column – “Wicker right to debate guns”  http://neshobademocrat.com/main.asp?SectionID=7&SubSectionID=302&ArticleID=28834&TM=39660.65
In case you missed it yesterday on The JT Show: Chris Cox from the NRA discusses their support of our plans to stop the Obama Administration's attack on the Second Amendment. http://podcast.supertalk.fm/stmrn2/3951163.mp3
NA
I look forward to talking with JT and his callers tomorrow at 11 a.m.  To listen online, please visit: http://www.supertalk.fm/index.php
Today, I voted to allow debate on gun legislation.  I have an A+ rating from the NRA and have consistently worked to protect Second Amendment rights.  My vote is in accord with the NRA’s position.  I have never voted for gun control and will not do so.  This begins a debate to put the Senate on record about a basic constitutional freedom.  Bringing this bill to the floor gives us the opportunity to vote on measures to strengthen gun rights, such as an amendment to protect veterans from unfair restrictions when trying to purchase a firearm.  I will filibuster passage of a final bill if it contains gun restrictions or a weapons ban.
Two months after the legal deadline, the President has put forward a budget that does not balance, increases taxes, and amounts to trillions in new debt. This blueprint should have been an avenue for bipartisan agreement on constructive ways to get the economy growing again.  Instead, it asks Americans to shoulder $1.1 trillion in new taxes for more spending in Washington.  This is not a serious plan for putting the country on a sustainable financial path or encouraging the job creation that we urgently need.  See more here: http://tinyurl.com/cnccvg5
NA
NA
Reform at the Jackson VA Hospital is long overdue. Yesterday my op-ed about it ran in the Clarion Ledger. Read here: http://tinyurl.com/cjzdryt
Last night I spoke on the Senate floor about the urgent need for a balanced budget and a path to fiscal responsibility.  Watch here:  http://youtu.be/tlTkHoloIVo
NA
The Democrat budget proposal doesn’t balance, raises taxes over $900B, and grows government 4.7% each year. Take a listen:  http://youtu.be/-kppo_umj58
Yesterday, the Senate Budget Committee began work on the first budget plan from Senate Democrats in four years. Watch my opening statement here: http://youtu.be/7i3kiTKyuZ4
NA
NA
NA
I was glad to to see the National Weather Service forecasters in Jackson's Doppler radar with dual polarization. The new technology has already helped forecasters in Jackson detect severe weather – tornadoes and heavy rains that produced flash flooding.
Today, I introduced a bill to repeal EPA’s flawed waivers that allowed 15 percent ethanol to be mixed with gasoline (E15).  The waivers amount to government bureaucrats issuing short-sighted regulations that negatively impact families and businesses across the country. Read more: http://alturl.com/yay3w
At a Budget hearing, the Cong. Budget Office Dir. told me they cannot score Pres Obama's plan to avert sequestration because it's just a speech.  Watch it here: http://alturl.com/zv5n2
Earlier today, I met with Russian Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak to urge him to work to end the ban on adoptions by U.S. families.  I will continue working with my colleagues to resolve this terrible issue.  Find out more: http://www.wicker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?FuseAction=NewsRoom.PressReleases&ContentRecord_id=8d85a3db-f1c9-668b-1fec-e8f0b9573f64
On Friday, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ruled that Pres. Obama's so-called recess appointments were unconstitutional. I spoke with Fox News about what the ruling means. See it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvBE7Udy2is&list=UUIlKHiTjSkcQP_knBcXHWSg&index=1
The hundreds of thousands who have come to Washington, D.C. today for the March for Life are a testament to the importance of protecting the unborn.
NA
The President's proposals would violate the Constitution and have been proven not to be effective in preventing gun violence. I will be part of a bipartisan coalition opposing this legislation and looking for real solutions such as school safety guards, mental health care, and addressing the culture of violence in the media.  The Second Amendment rights of Americans must be preserved.
NA
Congratulations to Pearl River Community Colleges 'Spirit of the River' band for being selected to represent Mississippi in the Presidential Inaugural Parade!
NA
NA
I just took the Oath of Office for the 113th Congress. It is a honor to serve and represent the great state of Mississippi in the United States Senate.
Today, the 113th Congress will convene at 12 P.M. ET / 11 A.M. CT. Watch live as the Senate convenes: http://alturl.com/mfyik.
My former aide, Lenwood Brooks, explains on Fox News the 'fiscal cliff' and what the deal means for taxpayers.
Wishing you and your family a happy and healthy 2013!
